&(@^!)& &()!&(^!()@!( ^!&(
(continued from above) and rot inside a corpse's shell the foulest stench is in the air the funk of forty thousand years and grizzly ghouls from every tomb are closing in to seal your doom and though you fight to stay alive your body starts to shiver for no mere mortal can resist the evil of the thriller (into maniacal laugh, in deep echo)
(gabi.e) lighting of the giant christmas tree, fireworks, dinner. = fun :) may the circumstances repeat itself again,. :d
(rap performed by propname) darkness falls across the land the midnite hour is close at hand creatures crawl in search of blood to terrorize y'awl's neighborhood and whosoever shall be found without the soul for getting down must stand and face the hounds of hell (continued below)
, in the post office, with the long-overdue copy of photoshop for a friend. i win at the game of clue.
- smile and the whole world smiles with you. - motivation, not desperation will get you what you want. - the only way to go is up. - family is always there for you, and having even a handful of reliable friends makes life even better :)
---i wanted a perfect ending. now i've learned, the hard way, that some poems don't rhyme, and some stories don't have a clear beginning, middle, and end. life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and making the best of it, without kn
. iphone 3.0 release a day late? fu!
....black hair now =]]
....que no te falte capacidad, para discernir el mas aca, del confuso mas alla, que es realidad aparte.....  --(bunbury)
....soy un aprensivo, me sigue la enfermedad, soy un t vivo, soy un tipo de verdad. soy caro cuando hay vicio, soy igual desde el principio y hasta el final es lo que tengo, es lo que hay, tengo una paja mental, que ya no s?de qu?va....
...and i sleep
...where did fall go?
1 more exam... and finishing a take-home.  it's almost over.
1 pot of coffee + very little sleep = a spastic delirious pammy! wee
10 inches of snow within 4 hours. whoa!
12345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890
14 de marzo: gaura mantra fest: jacob karpio galeria
15 minutes of fame: 18 de propname
18 more. another one down
2 down, 3 to go.
2 pages down on my paper 3 to go!
3 days clesased! woo!
3-hour exam tomorrow, then a day and a half (less if i drop into new york wednesday) to pack everything before driving out thursday to reach iowa on friday.  someone tell me i'm not insane, please.
3rd grade classroom on day b4 halloween = craziness.
40 years ago, armstrong said 'one small step for man'.  when can one of us go back there and shout, 'honey, i'm home!' or something?
: saved by wolfram alpha.
:'(
:(
:-daaaaaaaaahhhhh! tomorrow is the big day! sooooo excited!
<3 propname's ginger candy.
<3s feeding time at the aquarium.
?q ???? ??,?m ??? s???? ?sn???q ??? ?o pu???? ?? ??,no? ?sn???q ????s i p?no?s? ka jemma. nag emote2 sa ulan.
@ buenos aires: argentina :)
@ dance class ?
@otakon.  be back in the real world at some point in the far far future.
[the liberal media] love to be denounced from the right, and the right loves to denounce them, because that makes them look like courageous defenders of freedom and independence while, in fact, they are imposing all of the presuppositions of the propaganda system.-chomsky
a big green and white double header!!  first the ballers will start out by beating up on northwestern just like the ladies slapped around those sad wolverines yesterday....then on to watch the msu football team wallop texas tech!!  its a great day to bleed green!!  go spartans!!!
a bit of relaxation and then an hour of beethoven.
a fear of loss, that's all it is...
a good night's sleep will hopefully make me excited to close tomorrow :)  cause right now i don't want to
a lion will never cheat on his wife, only a tiger wood. lol.
a little glass vial. a little glass vial? a little glass vial.
a little irked that propname won, but her collection really was gorgeous
a recent online exchange: other guy: i have to imagine it's wholly possible that someone could understand humans so well, yet be completely unable to read, write, or do math.  in today's society, people like that would be shunned.  veritas if you can't r
a simple smile can change a day, an understanding look can say i know exactly how you feel. but we have learned to build our walls, so very strong and very tall, for fear of what the world might steal
a vegetarian delight
a) louisville got jobbed tonight -- those refs were an embarrassment b) avatar was even better the second time :)
actually excited to go workout!
after a slight rebuild... betsy 2.0 lives to surf the net again!!
agay! dugay na kaayu ko wla ka ingon ana nga word.
ah...end of the semester & a rly long week. these are the best fridays
ahhhh i hate the cold. ugh
ai count 15... 17 more to go.
ais all over again
alive and well and drinking a lot of coffee to kick-start the day.
all aboard the u.s.s. rational basis.
all hail the king of dunces. you best hold on i am opening up my mouth
all see's became spy's in my pirate profile yarr
all that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing. - propname
all we have is hope and love, so don't you worry child, so don't you worry 'bout a thing in the night, for those can life us up so we can rise, so we can rise above the madness -propname
all we have is hope and love, so don't you worry child, so don't you worry 'bout a thing in the night, for those can lift us up so we can rise, so we can rise above the madness -propname
almost done hearing about baseball.  yessss
almost halfway there!
almost the weekend...only a few more short hours...i think we can make it.
alone... :c
along with wife propname, have decided to celebrate filing their first, joint tax return in that good-old-fashioned american way, by purchasing a new tv.
already misses propname... but he's coming back, and we're going to go to six flags for real on sunday!  and wisconsin dells! what a wonderful life.  mw <3 ah.
alright . . . thought i was working at noon . . . working at 2.  holla
always looks on the bright side of life: our supreme court will now be two-thirds catholic.
always says, whatever doesn't kill you makes you luckier.
am i supposed to be surprised that manny and ortiz were on the 2003 steroids list?  the much more surprising, and much shorter list, would be people playing in the past 10 years who weren't on the list
amando el clima! happenstance
an obama consultant yesterday on taxing high-value, middle class health care plans: we're not talking about a new tax on these people. we're saying they currently get an enormous tax break and we're going to slightly scale that back . . . this will likely be the talking point for any new, middle-class taxes to come.
and a britney song was on, and the britney song was on, and the britney song was on! so i put my hands up, they're playin my song, and the butterflys fly away, noddin?my head like yeah, moving my hips like yeah ~ oh yes, i went there!
and every time i've held a rose, it seems i only felt the thorns
and i am 21 agaiiiiinnnnn~
and now i am covered in glitter...
and propname are getting married july 17, 2010!
and propname sitting in a tree, k-i-s-s-i-n-g... <3
and so it goes...
and sweating like demons they scream through our speakers but we leave the sound on 'cause silence is harder
and the grinch, with his grinch-feet ice cold in the snow, stood puzzling and puzzling, how could it be so? it came without ribbons. it came without tags. it came without packages, boxes or bags. and he puzzled and puzzled ill his puzzler was sore. then the grinch thought of something he hadn before. what if christmas, he thought, doesn come from a store. what if christmas, perhaps, means a little bit more.
and then, i got food poisoning.
and until peoples learn to spot the fanning of mass emotions and the sowing of bitterness, suspicion, and intolerance as crimes in themselves - as perhaps the greatest disservice that can be done to the cause of popular government - this sort of thing will continue to occur.
and we keep driving into the night.  it's a late goodbye, such a late goodbye.  and we keep driving into the night.  it's a late goodbye-ai-ai-yai. staying overnight somewhere east of toledo.  wonder how bad i-80 will be tomorrow.
annotated indexes,.
annoyed with the slow internet connection. :(
another week of school!!! yay.......
anxious boredom fatigue
anyone bothering to go lava tomorrow?
anyone else click accept gift today and facebook told you you ignored it?
anyone ever rebuild a raid array before and have tips? i've got two drives of a raid 1+0 (one from each pair i think), that need to have data recovered. trying different recovery software at the moment (ufs recovery atm), but happy to have any advice.
anyone gonna be around chicago in mid september?
anyone interested in going to summerfest?
anyone know where i can get uv paint cheapish not from amazon?
anyone looking for a roommate in lakeview or lincoln park? any help appreciated... thanks...
anyone participating in allods online closed beta?
anyone wanna pay me to hang out, play video games, maybe write a screenplay, and be sarcastic?  cause that would be awesome :)
anyways back to dr...
aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae. tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe. if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal. olny 55% of plepoe can
apperantly the roads are bad in atlanta...be careful out there guys!
apple casserole and herb pork loin smells so good!!
approves of his raise.
argh y does everything need qualifications n not experience :(
as a side note: this is some delicious mac & cheese!
as always, geh blau!
as much as i love twlight (team taylor!), it is just me, or is it extreeme to be taking kids to see it tonight that are still in elementary school when they have school tomorrow! i guess taking kids period, with the attacks and sexual stuff....
as of today, facebook staff will be allowed to eat your children and pets. to turn this option off, go to settings, then privacy, then meals. click the top two boxes to prevent the employees of facebook from eating your beloved children and pets. copy this to your status to warn your friends!
asa man nako ma kit.an ang malleus maleficarum?
at home, trying to remember who i am related to and witch kids belong to witch cousin....and craving polish food.  in another devolopment, i thought i would be able to escape country music in the north, but in reality it is worse...
at last! house...
at poletential , starting the weekend off right with a dance workout!
ate yummy salmon with pasta and veggies after a work-out @ konami.
atit! (almost there! it's thursday!) reaching? why yes i am.
autumn cleaning day
avatar is my new favorite movie of all time!! so awesome! ? neytiri...seriously the prettiest alien ever
avatar: best picture
awakenings and propname's
awoke to an email stating: starting in 2010, the us department of education will be requiring significant changes in the way educational institutions collect and report race//ethnicity data. accordingly, on july 19, 2009, lsac changed the race//ethnicity d
aww i dont feel 2 good, think i ate 2 much :s
aww im bak, but i wana go bak 2 reading :(
b-but... impossible... the lions can't win, can they?
back
back from the cello//viola dinner party! :)
back from the cities
back from the gym, and looking forward to the new year's party. :)
back from vacation and tired
back home from an evening of enlightened debauchery and no walt whitman in sight. there was this one guy from ny saying something about leaves of grass....
back in austin
back in stockholm!
back in the atl, but still just as foggy...luckly work is falling into place without me even doing anything...
back into playing ddo.  anyone interested in joining in hit me up on aim
back to school, back to school, prove to dad i'm not a fool...
bahala na. wla jud ko sure kung ma.o ba ni ako report. :(
baking pumpkin bread and pumkin pies and making stuffing!!
banana cures your hangover. hangover symptoms like headache, nausea, and sensitivity to light and sound are largely due to dehydration, hypoglycemia and toxic overload. bananas' unique nutrient combination works synergistically to combat these effects.
banana cures your hangover. hangover symptoms like headache, nausea, and sensitivity to light and sound are largely due to dehydration, hypoglycemia and toxic overload. bananas' unique nutrient combination works synergistically to combat these effects... banana... bow
basement mostly cleared out, stew on the stove, dishes done... now for the ache in my back and hands to disappear, and i'll be sittin' pretty.
before this quarter ends, i will definitely not break my record...ahahahhaha just for you propname.
being kicked in the pinky apparently really hurts... the next day.
being where i'm from, agricultural labor should be much more interesting to me...but, ughhhhhhhh! definately narrowing down potential career paths!
best tuesday ever!!! done with dmv, getting my diploma in march, and getting off prob. early!!! yay!
big game tonight..perfect big ten record on the line...go green!
biggest loser!!!! lol
black
black
blah....
boar dumb
bored,. nag sayang2 nalang ko ug kwarta para lang na.ai mabuhat.
bored....what to do for like 20 minutes...
both of the towns i live in have been on fire an lot recently :(
both times you plan to tell them that and fail each time, so you right one of the longest, heartfelt notes about them to show them the next time you're with them and when you finally find your grand chance to see them and maybe finally tell them that they've meant more to you than anyone else you've ever known you find out that they've just got into a relationship with someone else.
boys are like buses, miss one, next one coming!
brand-new whiteboard markers make me happy...so inky!
breaking news: at the atlanta zoo, an old guy with a long white beard was caught try to lure 2 of each animal out of the exhibits.  it is also reported that he arrived in a large wooden boat...
britain's desire to be a big player on the world stage has delivered huge benefits including being dragged into a series of catastrophic wars with america's throbbing tumescence lodged firmly at the back of our throat, while at the same time being unable to afford decent roads, railways, schools and hospitals. it's what we call a 'win-win'.
brokan lttrs hart hot ppl lif goo kim kool
broke a 900 piece of equipment today. sigh live and learn.
broke her forearm, dislocated and sheared her elbow, fractured 3 ribs and lacerated her spleen jumping off a ledge into the san lorenzo river on friday. she'll be on the 2nd floor in dominican hospital rm 2210 until tuesday if anyone wants to keep her com
bruised her heel!
bulgogi turned out tasty after all. congrats to all those with working ovens who roasted a beautiful bird, it's fun hearing your success stories. merry christmas!!
bush was a symptom, not a cause.
busy designing characters boo wheres steve wen u really need him :(
busy week with rehearsals and 3 great concerts with maestro propname and soloist propname and propname violin cto and bruckner 7, bday party in shinsaibashi osaka, konami gym, japanese lessons, duets, thanksgiving dinner, and soon to come: universal studios!
busy...always
by allowing all of life's colors to penetrate us, we become more integrated...
bye fb
c'mon, michigan!
came home to a box of panda licorice, a favorite. i feel loved.
can officially play the eagles, please come home for christmas, without feeling off-season. i love that song! happy holidays everyone :-)
can someone explain to me how keith can misspell beginner and hear but can then use asphyxia correctly in a sentence?
can someone explain to me how keith, who played football, well, played, who acts like the world's biggest sports fan, and just told me he used to go to legend's on sundays to watch football, didn't know what fair catch was
can't believe she's leaving the lodge in the morning after two years.... its the end of an era :( propname i love you forever!!!
can't believe the new semester is starting so soon...
can't sleep . . . work will be fun tomorrow :)
can't sleep because the dog  keeps barking at something in the yard and its kinda freakin me out
can't sleep, clown will eat me
can't sleep.
can't sleep. wishing she was 10 years old, and not about to be 24. misses people, misses less worries, wishes people kept promises of yesterday, wishes things were as easy as swiping a credit card in life...
can't wait for class tomorrow. i ? the 1st day of school :)
can't wait for the ex x-box
can't wait for the true blood premiere ? i'm so into vampires right now
can't wait for transformers in imax tonight!! ?
can't wait til new moon!
can't wait to see propname!
can't wait to see the princess and the frog tonight with propname!!
can't wait!
cannot fall asleep ><
cannot wait to pet a dolphin. are they as slimy as they look??
car je ant pauvre ai seulement mes res. je place mes res sur vos pieds, marche doucement pour vous marchent sur mes res.
cardio//weights workout followed by yoga class. feeling motivated today! getting stuff done!
carpe diem. :c
cat nap
celebrating 1 year...
changed her status. happpy?
chocolate snow...some stay warm and others feel the cold.
chose cake
christmas!!!
cige go,. hehehe uie propname , european film festival sa ayala, maybe na.ai psyc related movies you could let your students watch. libre siya, first come first serve seating. :d
clakclakclak rawrrrrr mel haxxxxxx rwrrrrrrrr lolzlolzlolzlolz im so hood punk stoopid yo
classes over!  home in a week.
classety class class class... :\
clocked in 14 hours today. smiled at propname like a moron as she walked by...umm how was i to know what she looked like? at least i know who she is. fashion is hard. models are very nice though. til next tuesday...
close and i'll kiss u 2moro i'll miss u remember i'll always be true.......... i cant get that frikin song out my head!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
coffee, music and home-made pizza.
colors, like features, follow the changes of the emotions.
come on cowboys!!!!!
come with me, come with me, we'll travel to infinity
comes back tonight!!! yaaaaayyyy!!!!!!
coming around to newark 2//15 and planning to be around nyc for the following weekend.  anyone? anyone?
commercial narrator: we're all searching for it. most of us don't even know what we're looking for. but we all feel it, that unexplainable emptiness that can only be filled by one thing. then they pan to the stars and the answer appears. scientology. ri
confused
confused...i should really stop trying to think on thursdays...
congratulations all-hallowians, i enjoyed a wonderful concert!
conlaw 2 tonight.
cookies
cool we've got enough points on bejeweled 2 win the laptop, btw can i hav it if we do win :p
cough, cough must get more cough drops! cough
cowboys win!!!
created my plan a schedule of classes =]]
cthulhumas, cthulhumas, cthulhu eats your brains. oh what fun it is to die in many horrible ways.  cthulhumas, cthulhumas, cthulhu eats your brains. hey.  may you all be touched by his noodly appendage during these holy days.
curse you, ucjas!!  now i'm hooked on propname!!  shakes fist
damn boxcutter.
damn close game on monday. my dolphins almost pulled it off!
damn feeder valve keeps clogging.
damn it, i am old...sitting here in my snuggie watching a telathon...
dang it nd!!!
dang it!!  if you are in atlanta and need somehere to go for nye, come to my house, i have food and drink, almost all of my guests are sick or have sick kids!
dang...is this what people feel like when the wings take it all??  personally when the wings take it all in the cup it makes me smile, but for some reason a suprizing number of people are not red wings fans...
darn you propname's... my insides are very unhappy :(
davis is toxic...
day looking up, i will be able to exchange the defective flat iron!  i realized that new moon comes out when i will be home for thanksgiving, any body want to go see it with me?  still looking forward to glee...i feel a little dirty thinking that propname is hot
deadtime stories.
dear baby jesus: please compell my boyfriend to get off his ass and pack...we are leaving tomorrow at 5 am to go home and celibrate your birth...and i really dont want to have to kill him because then i will have to drive the mustang in the snow and rosie is in mint condition and the salt will discolor my top.  thanks so much...
dear kiss 95.7 and kc 101.  could you possibly get off lady gaga's jock for 2 seconds and play a different song?  thank you
dear propname tonight! good thinking propname !
dear santa, here is a list of gifts i hope to see under the tree tomorrow: -ps3 -27 imac (i didn't put it on my list, but you should have known) -mini cooper -screenwriting job thank you.
decided i'm going to start reading the sookie stackhouse books. i need a new vampire story to distract me from the craziness of my real life
delicious new gaming material
dem gracias a todos los que vinieron, me ayudaron dem!!!! propname, propname, propname y propname gratcie por tocar  y poner todo! son exitosos...
dentist today...yay...
di na nako ma kaya. labad na kaayu akong ulo.
did 45 minutes of dance, 8 minute abs, 8 minute buns, stretching, dog walking...now i can relax, watch jersey shore reunion and eat ice cream! :-)
did i piss off a gypsy?  because there's a fly in my room that won't leave me alone.  better make sure i have an anvil tied up in the garage and a sharpened ice skate handy :)
did someone already tell me the difference between news feed and live feed? sorry, i wasn't listening
did someone just page the king of awesome?
did the president just make a reference to the matrix?!
did you know that it couldn't be more blatent that the x-factor was fixed unless propname openly admitted he was gay with propname and propname
dili ko emo. gi mingaw ra ko nimo so mag drama2 ko. wla kai ma hemz kai kahibaw ko busy ka... bow
disappointed in someone who i thought i would never really be disappointed in.
discovered that my life goal is to be a surgeon. =]]
dish n' dat in canton for my bday celebration.  and moderate drinking, by me at least.  i will not be pulling a propname
dishes, webcomics, laziness, internal lack of disruption. alright.
dishwasher repair guy coming tomorrow am, hopefully phone that works being delivered tomorrow as well.  big day ahead!
disneyland tomorrow =]] going with maddie going to be awesome!!
disneyland with propname today =]]
disobedience, in the eyes of anyone who has read history, is man's original virtue. it is through disobedience that progress has been made, through disobedience and through rebellion. --oscar wilde
distance tests a horse's strength. time reveals a person's character....
do i have to take out my nose ring and join the corporate world?
do not ever book your trips through travelocity...they tried to charge me three times for the same booking!!! grrrrrrrr
do not fear failure. i only fear the slowing up of the engine inside of me which is pounding, saying, keep going, someone must be on top, why not you? ---propname
does anyone have a stud finder and a drill i can borrow?
does anyone have malarone (anti-malaria med) that they don't need?
does anyone know a server2008//exchange2007//bes sysadmin looking for a job in the philadelphia area?
does it actually feel like we got out early to anyone?
does my insomnia breed mania or does my mania quell my fatigue?
does this have to happen tonight...i have my fight club
doesn't have time to worry or be nervous.
doesn't like mondays.
doesn't think passing a bill on propname's casket would legitimize killing health care for the rest of us.
doesn't wanna go to school tomorrow.
doesnt wanna go back to work after vacation :(
doesnt wanna go back...
doing good with soc. final so far =]]
doing nerdy stuff in my room...reading gentry magazine, organizing//cleaning things...tgisaturday ?
domingo de descanso total
don't be tardy for the party! lol
done na jud sa ppt. histo psyc nasd.
done with 5 apps!
done with family law!
done with finals
done with my paper finally =]]
downtown or international party? hmmm decisions decisions... one thing's for sure, no more studying for tonight :d
dragged herself out of bed to put out the cardboard that has been accumulating for more than 3 months! :)
dreading the family law exam tomorrow.  last one, but ugh....
drinkin a v8...the taste is growing on me, i no longer feel like i'm drinking soup
drinking hot tea with hyssop to alleviate sinus pressure from the large amounts of poplar fluff and pollen this week.
dropping off some resumes today...i am feeling good mojo!
drum roll please...76.5 hours this week of working. :) going back in at 7:30, then it is over tuesday..yay
during a recent password audit, it was found that a blonde was using the following password: mickeyminnieplutohueylouiedeweydonaldgoofysacramento. when asked why such a long password, she said she was told that it had to be at least 8 characters long and include at least one capital.
eating a 3 day old burger,. yes ingana na jud ko ka desperado. gutom. p.s. maynta di ma da.ot ako tiyan ani. :p
editing blows
eelings are not supposed to be logical. dangerous is the man who has rationalized his emotions.?propname
elcome to the united states of america press 1 for english. press 2 to disconnect until you learn to speak english. and remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you, jesus christ. and the american solider. one died for your soul, the other for your freedom. if you agree... copy and paste in your status
en are like a fine wine. they all start out like grapes, and it's our job to stomp on them and keep them in the dark until they mature into something you'd like to have dinner with.? propname quotes
en montevideo donde rodri que es un amor.... a ver a dani y ern.... con los umpis :)
english english english
enjoyed doing thriller on stage at the oktoberfest
enjoyed mini golf and dinner with propname and propname yesterday.
enjoying the latest imogen heap album
entr?!!!!!!!!! :)....
errands...
error
even at such a young age, i understood the weight of the world
even though my own sister is a blood traider....go green!!  go nd!!!
even when it's free it ain't cheap.
every kiss begins with a k every ugly begins with a u
every treachery, great or small, begets a spirit that rages at the injustice. given the opportunity, each will return that treachery to its owner tenfold.
every year is getting shorter, never seem to find the time... plans that either come to naught or half a page of scribbled lines...
everything in this room is eatable. even i'm eatable. but that is called cannibalism, my dear children, and is, in fact, frowned upon in most societies.
everything is fine until it isn. and then you deal with it.
ewww 33 of snow... apparently the most at one time since 1969!
ewwwww! grossssssssssssss leave me aloneee. disgustingg.
ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!!!!
excited for boundary waters trip
excited for moa day trip
excited for my mom to get home tomorrow!! =]]
excited for the love of propname...now i have a new trashy reality show to enjoy on monday nights! why do i find these shows so entertaining??
excited for the winter olympics!
excited to go to my first japanese private lesson tomorrow.
excited...my show is on in 30. rhwnj reunion, part 1!! ?
excuse me mother nature, why the hell is it snowing
exhausted, but not ready for bed...blahhhhhh
exhausted. im ready to sleep.
expansion.  and chicken coops.  send me chickens :)
f one dream should fall and break into a thousand pieces, never be afraid to pick one of those pieces up and begin again.?--propname,
f u raider fans! kick rocks!
face the facts. then act on them. it's the only mantra i know, the only doctrine i have to offer you, and it's harder than you'd think, because i swear humans seem hardwired to do anything but. face the facts. don't pray, don't wish, don't buy into centuries-old dogma and dead rhetoric. don't give in to your conditioning or your visions or your fucked-up sense of... whatever. face the facts. then act.
facebook experiment: if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of your first memory of you and me. when finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you.
farscape is 10 years old...
fear and panic in the air
feeling much better today!  so if the head coach of texas tech was fired, is this even going to be a fair game?  maybe considering many of our players were stupid...
feeling productive!! yee!
feeling that life is good.
feeling the burn in my shoulders and triceps from the gym.
feels a bit lost sigh that is life
feels like death warmed over...
feels like it is off to the first day of school tomorrow, has the cleanest room ever, and is really happy :)
feels loved and appreciated...
feels soooo much better now =]]
feliz aoooo todosss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
feliz navidad a todossss.... @ aeropuerto lima
feria del queso en turrialba...arooo
fie! time, inc. has blocked gchat... does this mean i have to be productive now?
finally feels like fall
finally got a chance to watch the bachelor episode 3...omg that propname girl was psycho!!
finally got behind the wheel of a vehicle today... and nearly crapped his pance!
finally got her computer back in shape! open office, utorrent and skype; now i can actually make use of my computer again!
finally has some legit painkillers, hopefully my metal arm stops hurting soon! for now, i think i'm gonna watch the entire series of entourage since i still have two days of bed rest. propname can help me back to health anyday ;)
finally home from a loong day at school.
finally remembers the meaning of summertime friday nights.
finally saw star trek. awesome. space is so crazy
finally watching season 4 of lost
finals begin next monday. overhead this today in torts: dude, you're fine. it's not crunch time yet.
finals.
fine weather for a walk
finished her stats paper and bought her ticket for brett dennen on the 12th! the world is wonderful again :)  now i am off to work for the next 8 hours... not so wonderful but oh well
finished my final. no more developmental psychology =]]
finished pride & prejudice & zombies instead of watching ghost in the shell.  i'm classy.  also, a giant geek. :)
finished still life with woodpecker. weird book!!
first day as a high school english teacher. apparently, an english accent fools 'em.
first day of winter is not so bad in atlanta...
first law school midterm this monday. this one's for a third of the clams.
first time in a long time... i feel like writing...
flight delayed by freezing temperatures in china, but arrived safely!
fml
folk and tribal arts festival at the museum of natural history, gonna go find some gifts and watch some bellydancing :)
food network.
football and basketball at center court?
for all sad words of tongue        and pen, the saddest are these, it might have been
for all sad words of tongue        and pen, the saddest are these, it might have been :c
foto editing day
found my tag paperwork in the man den...hopefully i get my tags by 2.1 if i apply now online...
found out that i have 14+ years more schooling if i want to follow through with the orthopedic surgeon thing. . .
free shelves!!!!!
friends can help each other. a true friend is someone who lets you have total freedom to be yourself - and especially to feel. or, not feel. whatever you happen to be feeling at the moment is fine with them. that's what real love amounts to - letting a person be what he really is.
from anomynous: these vampires need to either get naked or die
fuck you, dolphin!
fuck. yes.
fuckin'
fucking .
full week+ of fort wayne! :d
gas station doughnut does not equal paczki, i almot cried a litle
gdim!
german bureaucracy ... annoying as all hell even from this side of the atlantic.
gets jittery from coffee.  bring it on!  rawr!
gets to see philip glass as a birthday present for the second year in a row. hmm wot's that phrase the kids use...ftw!
gettin ready to take propname to the doctor.
gettin ready top head out to the glenn ellyn art fest!!!!!!!!!!!  maybe i'll get to see heavy the fall!!
gettin stuff done! :-)
getting fat nooooowwwwwwww!
getting organized for the week!
getting out, getting out, not staying in the house...
getting ready for my suprize trip to mi...i wish it was under better circumstances
getting ready to come home for christmas!
getting ready to stalk taylor marsh...any hints would be helpful! lol
getting ready to watch the game
gi gutom ko dah,.
gi gutom ko.
gloomy cold weather today. i kinda like it. :)
go navy!
go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name, copy//paste this as your status and the definition as your first comment... and go!!
goin up north
goin' to watch the band perform their first performance today. haha =]]
going on a walking tour to the castle etc. of osaka.
going out to dinner :)
going out to martini park tonight with propname!
going out with the coolest chica eva! propname, would you go on a date? perhaps it is fate!
going to have a bbq tonight, and am off to munich tomorrow. yipee!
going to have my emmissions tested, want to just get that out of the way and today seems like a good day for it!  also running other errands...
going to the dentist to reverse the effects of continual coffee drinking.
going to the gym again. :)
going to the hot springs for the hpac opening party.
going to the movies =]]
going to your cousin's wedding?  awesome.  going to legend's bar afterwards?  not.
going with eric to see flickan som lekte med elden.
gona miss u lots bojana :'(
gonna give her a back scratcher for valentines. get well soon mum.
gonna go try bikram yoga for the first time! this should be interesting!
good day today. =]]
good job ballers...its all up to the football team now!  go green, go white, go state!
good morning starshine, the earth says hello.....=p
good night. i hope tomorrow will be better. :c
good times were had
good work, golden globes.
got a new shampoo//conditioner and i'm excited to shower so i can try it!
got burned by steak grease and has blisters on her leg :(   i'm just tryin to ignore it but i think the chef owes me a serious sesh (cough propname coughcough) hahaha
got distracted in borders for over three hours today... why did they have to put the rhyming dictionary next to the science section? all i wanted was the dictionary but i ended up reading about things from string theory to the genetic destiny of the y-chromosome (apparently men are on the slow but certain path towards extinction...) for most of the afternoon
got into jazz band. rehearsal is at 2:30. have to bus home to get my horn. so much for getting work done today.
got more film developed.  and there are a lot of you in it.  be very afraid
got my burger, fries and a birthday cake milkshake. so happy :)
got my transformers shirt. its cuute =]]
got my trnasformers shirt. its cuute =]]
got skype, and is still figuring out how to use it...like in that she has no idea how to since she just downloaded it...
got super tan this weekend...i went from caramel to mocha...
gotta love writers block...ugh
guitar hero linaw. :d
haagen-dazs baileys ice cream, straight out of the pot - the perfect accompaniment for thesis writing
had a better day than yesterday. lack of sleep makes propname an unhappy girl
had a fantabulous week and would like thank all his sj friends for making that happen. it was great to see all of you. :d
had a good time watchin london wasps lose in the cold today ://
had a great day at church...
had a great game night with the family...we should do that more often when i am home...next time with drinks!
had a great night
had a great time at crivitz... and is already missing propname. <3
had a great time at the dekalb county fair!  the concert was fun, the farm animals were cute, and propname was wonderful as always.
had a great time at the devil makes three new years and now its time to pack for semester at sea!!!!
had a great time in the snow, seeing mr. big with propnameand propname, and is happily relaxing now...but such a pity about propname. live life to the fullest :)
had a great time yesterday! it was nice seeing everyone <33
had a great weekend with her... we have to do that again babe...
had a great weekend with propname... dancing, sightseeing, and most, importantly, just being together. :)
had a lot of funn with the sister =]]
had a really stressful day at work but got a 45 tip :) thank you microsoft
had a super fun sleepover with propname and propname last night! next time we'll do pole vids and photoshoot!
had a wonderful night with family and friends... the night cap was wonderful though... weeeee!! i got my shirt!!!
had a wonderful week in southern sweden and olso, and is heading north to the land of the midnight sun... next stop, trondheim.
had a wonderful weekend with propname and his family! :)
had an awesome 4th.
had cake & ice cream for breakfast
had delicious thai food, needs to clean tomorrow, and is excited about getting busy at her new job
had fun tonight at bottom lounge!  nice seeing everyone. :)
had funn at 6 flags! =]]
had the best day ever!!! :) i'm so happy ?
had the craziest vivid dream that i was pregnant. so weird!! dream interpretation says this is a good symbol...
hahaaaahahahahahaaaahahahahahahahhhaahhahahahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahhahaha.
hahayz,. nag huwat sa reply. t_t
hands on the bible
hapit ko naligsan sa truck, usa ka dako nga truck, hapit ko naligsan sa dako nga truck sa cnu. hahaha :p
happy all hallows' eve kids :)
happy birthday propname! mommy loves you veryyyy much<3
happy brithday propname!!  have a stadium dog for me!
happy canadian thanksgiving!
happy father's day to all you dads
happy for maddie =]]
happy halloween everyone :-)
happy i was able to squeeze in a 30 minute pole workout before tutoring and class today...i'm proud of myself! gettin stuff done!
happy midsummer!!
happy new year :d
happy new year everyone from the other side of the earth for real now!
happy new year!
happy new years!
happy new years!
happy st valentines day!
happy thanksgiving
happy turkeying errbody
happy veterans day!!! thank a veteran dammit!
has 8 invites to google wave... i'd love to try it out with anyone that has a shared class with me. let me know if you want in!
has a bump on her head she has no idea where it came from, loves the cold weather, feels like a weight has been lifted from her, and is confident in her choices here on out.
has a comfortably comfy and mildly oversized cotton jacket from walmart. yay, it's so soft. <3 <3 <3
has a fair idea of how to manage the 2.5 kids cliche... she just needs a very strong gentleman named  and thriteen wet napkins.
has a long day in the field tomorrow and then is escaping isla vista for the weekend :d
has a lot of bug bites in italy =(
has a magical ceiling.
has a new job. +8k gold and better healing potions.
has a new number, ask me if you need it
has a new old game.
has a new perspective. its crazy how close i came to dying on friday.... i'm very happy to be out of the hospital and at my parent's house again. come visit me! i'm on bed rest 'till sunday and then only low activity for the next 3 months
has a test tomorrow!
has a very good feeling about where things are going. =]]
has absolutely nothing to say.
has an autobot lunchbox, and can therefore die happy now. :) in other news, she has also spent the last three hours on an off reading a webcomic that started in 1999.
has anyone else noticed that the dolphin with the helmet on the miami dolphins logo looks like it should be riding the short bus?
has anyone else realized that propname looks like the situation?  i am so glad that trashy show is almost over
has arrived at iowa and is settling into his new apartment.
has bahamas on my mind...11 days!
has been a negative person this week, and although the week is not up yet she will turn it around. looking for hope to ward off the restlessness
has been accepted into grad school.  finally.
has been waking up obscenely early the last couple of days; is anyone up for breakfast now that i've been awake and hour and a half?
has emptied his closets and clothes box from the move and is completely reorganizing everything, it looks like a clothes bomb went off in his bedroom.
has finished watching up.
has found the u of iowa anime club.  there goes my gpa.
has got it goin on
has had a successful day selling jewelry.  congrats to my wife for seliing a beautiful drawing!
has had an interesting start to saturday
has hw for tomorrow and wednesday that doesn't want to be done
has just completed sexual harassment training - now i can be really good at it!
has just finished his first night at reffing.  much to improve on.
has learned nothing from 20 years of school.
has lots to do until the 28th... so much for 100% fun summer.
has made more cookies, as well as a bunch of croissants for breakfast and piggies in various blankets for tomorrow afternoon. despite the late//early hour, this is only further awesomeness.
has made some downright amazing scallop chowder.
has miles to go before she sleeps.
has miles to go before she sleeps.
has no idea where the time has gone. august? seriously? where did july go?
has no more finals.  but it keeps going uphill.
has no more third molars.
has on his soothsayer cap: [one day, parents who send their children to super-gold-plated-cadillac private schools will pay additional taxes to cover the educational expenses of lower income families]
has one extra day then she expected and begins her hardcore assignment sunday, not saturday. one day of extra rest never hurt anyone :)
has one more day in san jose before he disappears back to the otherness of sacramento.
has only 3 more days left before she gives her life away for propname's market week...sigh..lol
has period cramps. =(
has physics test on monday and a history mid-term on wednesday, funn stuff.....not!
has propname in chicago... for good. <3
has renewed enthusiasm for life.  i can't wait to get started on all the things that need doing.
has settled on a parish. happy days.
has smashed his living room to bits.    19 large bags of debris so far.
has tea!!!!!
has the flu.  i was so uninclined to move that i actually watched a football game. i made due by pondering the mechanics of impact, timing and footwork in play by play cases. also created an under 5 yard endzone score for which there is no defense, i call it the the crane technique.
has the place to herself this weekend...hhmmm
has tied up one loose end... feels lighter already
has to wonder if west allis is still manufacturing bomb parts
hasn't noticed anything new with facebook, what am i missing?
hates  for starting her on this damn farm town app.  you all must stert playing now and give me gifts! and mafia wars too. fml i'm a loser.
hates being in the house. nowhere to go...ugh
hates it when people are dishonest. :\
hates that he gets home from choir at 9:30 or 10:00 and glee doesn't go up online till about 1 am ><
hates the person downstairs. i'm trying to work up here. i don't need you singing a vocalese while you're gargling at the sink. i mean really...
have you met them face to face?  i hear them.  it's good enough for the blind.
having fun drawing in solitude.
he photograph should be more interesting or more beautiful than what was photographed...  ---propname.
heading back to atlanta...
heard mariah carey's new song on the ride home tonight.  she needs to give it up already
heard the pres was on the tv tonight
heaven send hell away no one sings like you do anymore.
hehe 'what i'm listening to' is kinda working on my wall, 2 bad its a lil slow at updating :p
hehe need 2 stop doin all the fb quizzes :)
hell ya for a 20 minute commute!
hello fall weather!! i love this...i'm so happy!
hello, to high and dry.
here we go again...luckly i work at a school that may close for the chance of snow
hey any1 wana go2 the balcony next sat???
hey atlanta: you may see my work on the evening news...some guy was shot in the foot in our parking lot, that we share with the probation office...i have heard rumors he shot himself...
hey, it actually is december.
high on scarlatti and chopin.
hippy is an establishment label for a profound, invisible, underground, evolutionary process. for every visible hippy, barefoot, beflowered, beaded, there are a thousand invisible members of the turned-on underground. persons whose lives are tuned in to
his cheeks and eyes burned from the cold.
history of psychology,.
hmm this ice lolly tastes of strawberry n apple flavored coolant -.-
hmmm i better not fail my pass//fail...
hmmm...what is on my mind? idrk...i think i mighta left it @ atwood last night...either that or its just ignoring me today.
hmmmmmm............ its so hot!!!! i'm dieing!
hmph
hold you in my arm, just want to hold you in my arms.
hold you in my arms. i just wanted to hold you in my arms. propname. :p
holiday is over....crap....
holler for good grades!!!! woo hoo!
holy crap, propname is really, really good.
holy haruhi, season 2's out?!
holy poop on a stick, that was a long day.
holy shit, we're buried in under lots of snow!  no escape.....  argh... the snow.. oh god. a transformer just exploded..
holy. fuck. http:////www.youtube.com//watch?v=ypjgzd7frps
home after two rehearsals back to back... whew time for some relaxation then a nice long sleep :)
home again.  with lots of laundry and little food.  hurray
homecoming!!!!
homework...:(
hope i dont have too much h//w to make up tomorrow...that is if i can go back tomorrow. grrrrrr. i hate being sick!
hopefully this week will not kick my butt...i don't think i can take it again
hopes everyone is spending their new year like i am... with the person they love most. <3
hopes that transformers isn't sold out!
hopes the geo-pol forum-based game doesn't get him perma-banned from japan.
houghts are the shadows of our feelings - always darker, emptier and simpler.?-nietzsche
how about a nice game of strip global thermonuclear war?
how about thems steelers?
how bout them cowboys!!! yee
how can i be expected to work when there is so much fun puddle jumping to be done?
how did a hobbit get on flash forward? that show is so crazy...
how did we meet???? everyone play this game! copy and paste this phrase on your profile, you will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know each of your friends! before you do that answer for me. thank you and i can't wait to hear from you!!!!!
how impious is the title of sacred majesty applied to a worm, who in the midst of his splendor is crumbling into dust!-.  they don't make writers like they used to.
how long of an extension cord would i need to keep my phone plugged in at home and go to propname?
how nice of the nfl to ask my favorite band to play at the superbowl for my birthday.
hoy artcity tour pasa por casatripartito, nuevas prendas tripartito+performance por la pieldenaranjaylaquince + expo carlos de paz celebrando 15 as de uni con propname galer.... cierre en el bar steinvorth!
http:////www.cracked.com//blog//how-to-write-erotic-fiction//
http:////www.gametrailers.com//video//this-is-dragon-age//58530
http:////www.paintingsbyjeffree.com
http:////www.youtube.com//watch?v=k3lf-ctzkwu
humana ang class for the day. ai nasd ang himu.on.
humana ang midterms, ai's nasd. hahaha
humana jud ko sa annotated. :d
hungry, and need to make annotated indexes again. :c
i :heart ruby
i ? my flip video cam so much!
i ? sunday
i ? to christmas shop! i just wrapped all my presents and put them under the tree...can't wait for my family to open them!
i am a chinese hippie
i am a somewhat dark//morbid individual, and yet nana makes me cringe...
i am dreading glee this week...
i am feeling strangely homesick from thinking about my birthday...i havent had a good one since college...maybe i will just stop trying to make it special
i am fresh propname
i am glad to say that my parents arrived in michigan safely...even if thier bags are lost...
i am hoping this is allergies and not a cold..
i am in a funk today...i dont know if it is depression, maybe a lack of motivation because of depression.  this process is not for the impatient.
i am not ready to get back to real life...
i am now replacing my highly original baseball status with one about women's tennis: jelena jankovic thinks she's the number one tennis player?  i'd love to try whatever she's on
i am officially addicted to twilight! books and all!
i am once, i am twice, i am the whole, i'm just a slice.
i am so so excited...going to the big game...heading home...going to see my dog...i cant sleep!
i am soooo good, but still depressed. tinu.od jud .di nga pointless ang pag lunod sa imo sorrows kai kahibaw ghapn siya mu langoy. :c
i am soooo good, but still depressed. tinu.od jud .di nga pointless ang pag lunod sa imo sorrows kai kahibaw ghapn siya mu langoy. :c quote: i wish i was a kid again, because skinned knees are easier to fix then broken hearts.
i believe i can fly! woo! i believe i can touch the sky! think about it every night and day, spread my wings and fly away! i realllllly need something to do right now! lol
i believe in fantasies invisible to me in the land of misery i'm  searchin' for the sign to the door of mystery and dignity i'm  wandering down,  and searchin' down the secret sun...
i can't motherfucking fall asleep.
i can't wait until my custom-designed flip mino camcorder with the pink butterflies on it gets here!! friends, prepare to be filmed...i'll be going crazy with this thing
i cannot believe that i am celibrating going to the pizza pizza bowl...
i did not realize that propname (the guy from to catch a predator) went to msu, that is actually pretty cool.  he is a bad ass in a turtleneck!
i didn't know this, but  is apparently a hebrew name that means the lord remembers, which is basically incredible.
i do not understand my fascination with horoscopes
i don't hate you.// well, you found me. congratulations. was it worth it?// the only thing you've managed to break so far is my heart.// this isn't brave. it's murder.// what did i ever do to you?// you don't care, do you.// please proceed to andorid hell.
i don't know that i can express how much i love my coworkers :)  one of my best birthdays ever.  i even did a shot :)
i don't want to go to class today carrying a stupid tri-fold board with me in the wind. ehhhhh...oh well. i have to.
i dont wanna go to school. ahhhhhhh
i feel worse than i did yesterday. thank god there's no class today.
i fell on the way to my car this morning...i hope that is not the predictor of a bad day!
i find it absolutely appalling that anyone could believe that political affiliation would be used to determine who receives medical treatment. that's what race and socioeconomic standing are for.
i find it frustrating when non friends post pictures of friends; it leaves me without the option of leaving snarky comments. grumble
i find it funny that i keep clicking on unfamiliar names and wondering when did i friend this person? and until i realize they got married.
i find it interesting that i cannot reply to comments on propname's page without entering my phone number. a neighbor of mine received threatening calls from a conservative group after voicing her opinion at a rally. how they got her number i do not know but i wonder if the same would have happened to me if i entered my number... scary stuff
i find it odd that we're all just chillin on top of these massive plates floating on crazy hot elements that collide and shift. and all the while we stress these teeny tiny things...that's a pretty big picture! may god bless the people in haiti!
i found my actual wep key!!!!
i got rear-ended b4 i rear-ended someone...surprising.
i got that boom boom pow! lol lol lol!
i had an awesome idea for my paper last night in my sleep =]]
i hate it when my mom leaves...=[[
i hate phillip shing bing long bong shalong ma!
i hate to say anything that might offend my facebook peeps, but paranormal activity sucks beyond the telling of it.  i cannot remember ever being this disappointed in a movie
i hate to say this, but propname tonight is actually pretty good...having a hard time chosing between that and propname lately...
i have a 1.57 and a nickel
i have a love//hate relationship with the stairmaster
i have a new job!!!
i have a slash in my convertable top.  2 days before i leave for my beach vacation.  someone is a serious asshole.
i have at least one crazy child who is back on the football field!!
i have hardly given more information in the octameter,heptameter, hexameter, or pentameter than there is in the tetrameter- of course the boys are sleeping, you can't wake someone who isn't and a very roof is still a roof.  the ode less travelled. propname
i have no excuses, least of all for god.  like all tyrants, he is not worthy of the spit you would waste on negotiations.  the deal we have is infinitely simpler--i don't call him to account, and he extends me the same courtesy...
i have submitted!
i have to admit swtor has one awesome trailer
i have to quit drinking diet coke.  much sadness and headaches.
i heart rockband.  and the beatles.  and my bandmates
i highly reccommend propname. propname rules.
i just got home from school and my flies were unzipp the whole time. oops?
i just keep reminding myself...one week until my vacation, one week until my vacation....
i just realized, due to not being able to sleep, that i never settled the debate i started a few weeks ago.  regarding cavemen vs. astronauts, cave men win.  of course the cave men win. if you don't agree, take it up with fred
i just received an aarp card in the mail...not sure what to think
i kind of have the best coworkers you could have
i know grad school is having an effect on me when i read my vending machine selection as c-naught. mmm ritz bits.
i like my horoscope today: it's the time to play. why play halfway? go ahead. have the fun you're after. all of it.
i like propname's designs a lot, but she's such a btch i kinda of don't want her to win project runway! i vote for althea...she's adorable
i love my mom! for all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today... please copy and paste to your profile! i expect to see this many times on my page!
i love my mom! if you aren't too proud to say thank you to your mom for helping you be the great person you are today.. please copy and paste to your profile! i expect to see this many times on my page! ;~} some people no longer have their moms here to appreciate! to those who dont we salute your mom with a moment of s......ilence!! love you mom & miss you everyday.see moresee more
i love snow!!!
i love the build-a-bear workshop! i know it's technically for little kids...but i had so much fun trying outfits on my bunny!!
i love the smell of christmas trees. =]]
i love to watch olympic figure skating!!
i may be limping, but i'm coming home
i may be the only propname in the world - i'm definitely the only one on facebook.
i may not understand you fully but i learn something new about you everyday. thats all that matters. :d
i need another movie...damn insomnia!
i need to write an even stupider screenplay than i did for the first round.  this will be fun
i now have a master's degree - abt (all but thesis)!
i passed stats motherfucker!!!!
i really cant wait til next week: vbs and living at maddies =]]  hahahahaha
i really really hope people dont start using post-it as a reason for loyality.  greys is getting stupid...
i really thought.... :c (my self esteem is 6 feet under nah) sigh
i relly thought.... :c (my self esteem is 6 feet under nah) sigh
i require 4 farmville gifts that are not one of the following trees//animals: peach, bananananana, date, passion fruit, pomegranate, lime, lemon, avocado, pig, duck, sheep, goat, or horse.  you shall be rewarded in the afterlife :)
i reunited a cat with her owner today...feels nice but i am not sure how to tell denny there was a cat in the condo....
i saw you smiling at me... was it real or just my fantasy...
i sometimes think that some propname bikers are just asking to get hit by my car!
i talked to a guy today who was convinced chemical engineering was mixing elements to make things that use chemicals. might make more sense if he didn't mean it literally. oh well.
i think i am going to start a book club with my girlfriends...any of you peaches intersted.  in my mind it will be a good excuse to sit around and drink wine and maybe talk about the book for a few minutes...
i think i just dreamt about trade and commerce...
i think i need a new mmo...
i think i need a new spirit animal
i think of myself as an intelligent, sensitive human being with the soul of a clown which always forces me to blow it at the most important moments.
i think one of my gerbils had a stroke...poor little guy!  after i put the food and water next to her she perked up a little, but she still is moving weird and falling over...
i think quite possibly that msu is one of the only teams in the big ten where the other team can have that many penalties and we still lose...the pizza pizza bowl is a goal now...and hockey is sucking a big one...when does basketball start?
i think that propname was embarassed that we were blasting the glee soundtrack while crusing around with the top down...i can't imagine why
i think we're walking step in step, but you don't speak your mind. i think i see it in your eyes, but maybe its just a reflection of mine.
i thought the kindle was a stupid idea, but the ipad...wow, this is the future of personal computing, a segue into minority report-like surface computing. way to stay ahead of the curve, apple.
i want to carve a pumpkin!
i want to join propname's millionaire's club
i was just watching propname in real life while i was working on my christmas cards, and i just realized...propname (propname)  is the cop that pulls propname over and has his cruiser backed into.  he is way better looking without that hair!
i was sitting at laguardia, wondering why my flight was delayed, and then i saw on the tv that there had been a bomb threat and evacuation earlier today... lucky meeee
i went sailing  today with the fergies and rich pearsall. i polluted the pacific a little more that it was alreaddy ;(
i will be getting a new tattoo in about 10 hours.
i wish it was summer, i want to go on a boat.
i would give my left ear to be able to watch the big ten network i ordered, thanks for ruinung my game day comcast...
i'm a victim of my own insides. there was a time when i wanted to know everything...it used to make me very unhappy, all that feeling. i just didn't know what to do with it. but now i've learned to make that feeling work for me. i'm full of emotion and i
i'm almost ready to submit.
i'm captain basch fon ronsenburg of dalmasca!
i'm going off the grid sa. kapoy na ko.
i'm going to break my record!!!!!!!!!!!
i'm going to one up toni: there aren't words for how good avatar is.  suck on that kenny :)
i'm hungry na,.
i'm on keeli's side...call me high school! lol
i'm out from tomorrow 'til friday.
i'm still mad that i got into jazz band (the good one even) but i can't do it because of thermo. this is the first temr of college i will not get to play music. grawwwwwwwwww!!!!!
i'm still sad. :c
i'm strange.  and i like it.  that's just the way i am.
i'm trying to think of what's on my mind right now
i'm wasted. :c
i've always loved the flirtatious tango of consonants and vowels, the sturdy dependability of nouns and capricious whimsy of verbs, the strutting pageantry of the adjective and the flitting evanescence of the adverb, all kept safe and orderly by those re
i've got a lovely bunch of coconuts, deedle-e-dee!
i've got cheap propname tickets!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! call 773-962-7899!!!!
i, i'm thinking it's a sign that the freckles in our eyes are mirror images, and when we kiss they're perfectly aligned and i have to speculate that god himself did make us into corresponding shapes like puzzle pieces from the clay
i, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. i can choose which it shall be. yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. i have just one day, today, and i'm going to be happy in it. -----grouch marx
if a cat always lands on its feet, and toast always lands buttered side down, what happens if you strap a piece of toast to a cats back and drop it?
if anyone is going to be on campus, please contact me (preferably by text).
if cavemen and astronauts got into a fight, who would win?
if cavemen and astronauts got into a fight, who would win?
if i can write a screenplay in two days i can submit it to a festival.  fat chance of that
if i see another king, i think i shall bite him.-.
if there's no one beside you when your soul embarks. then i'll follow you into the dark
if you know someone who has or had cancer! ? all i want for christmas is a cure! ? put this on your status
if you push print once....you only get one copy, so dont look at me like a moron when i bring you the 6 other copys from the 6 other times you pressed print...
if you split a raw almond in your mouth, the halves are completely smooth on the inside. why does this never lose its novelty?
if your 2009 was good, i wish you an even better 2010.  if it could have been better, i wish you a great 2010.  i do not, however, wish any of you a happy new decade, since the decade ends at the end of next year
if your friend got assassined, how would you respond . . . probably with: that doesn't even make sense
if youre going to rcc log on to webadvisor and make sure you didnt get dropped from any of your classes. over 3,000 students got dropped from not paying.
im drawing the picture i promised jonna. its turning out nicely =]] i hope she likes it
im getting pimples! whyyyyyyyy =(
im going away tomoro!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
im home finally!!! yayyyy! i hope i did ok on my test.
im so fuckin pissed off
im sooooo happy its finally here, its been soooo long since we last had a storm :) booo all my cams suck they dont work at night, wish i got that 2day now!!! :'(
in an unusual music mood
in contemplation mode...
in heeding the words of wise ninja master over a beer, propname has created a program of self-defense for the complete n00b who has 17 left feet.  tonight, i shall see if anyone shows up to learn it.
in mourning...what an embarrassment.
in my days, we played soccer in the minefield.
in other news, the steelers 4th quarter is the most depressing thing of all time.
in the cities
in the murder mitten...it is cold!   also happy 11th birthday max!  no matter how old you get you will still be a whiny pain in the ass to me puppy
in your face ai's,. humana jud tanan. hahaha
insanity in individuals is something rare - but in groups, parties, nations and epochs, it is the rule.
insomnia a man's best freind.
insomnia gets things done
insomnia... :-
intervention- heroine and xanax and crack- oh my.
irritated...
is 57% done with class today and just wants to go home and organize (and maybe find the usb cord to my phone so i get some new music on here).
is 76% of the way to my goal of running three miles in eighteen minutes. good first attempt.
is a bad person.
is a bit stressed
is a fool but also a dreamer
is a happy camper because i got the tokio hotel c.d. =]]
is a little excited to see the talent show.
is a wee bit disappointed! :-(
is about to go for a thankgiving hike with her family :)
is about to play at the detroit international jazz festival on the same stage as propname. no pressure, though.
is addicted to propname biographies...don't ask me about her unless you have like 30 minutes to listen to me rave about how much i love her...i am so obsessed with her life story! such an interesting person!
is all tricked out...dang that pole class was hard!! all the more reason to go back next week...
is amazed out how more effective individual updates are at getting rid of his possessions than a single photo album. only two more pieces of furniture to go!
is an intj. horray for a lack of social skills!
is angry at quizzes that post to your status!
is anyone home in this ghost town?
is aparently the new michael jackson. the real one will be missed though.
is applying for the peace corps//master's international in civil engineering!
is at an interesting stage in his life...
is at dad's place.
is at work! >.<
is at work... yay.
is attending the royal fireworks festival & concert tonight at riverfront park.
is back at home with propname.  i was having asthma difficulties at her palce.
is back at work on a friday night because my boss believes himself to be an it guy and not an attorney and broke a server.
is back from chicago.
is back from the movies and just taking a breather.  how can life have changed so much in just a few months?
is back home... sleepy but cant sleep just yet...
is back in chicago (for now).
is bargin it up north!
is beating people down in radford virginia this weekend. be back monday. ^_^
is beginning her fall semester today... public international law, here i come. :)
is bored in santa cruz...
is celebratin' good times!
is celebrating six months months together with my beautiful bride.
is celebrating with her...
is chasing your steeeeaahlight
is chillin at home with my buddy mike.
is coming back to america sooon =)
is convinced, with everyone and their mother talking about the possibility of raising taxes on the middle class, it's not going to happen. do you really think one of the most shrewd politicians since propname would all but certify the loss of his re-
is cooking with propname!
is craving a bleu cheese burger and sweet potato fries
is creating a linkedin account, as if she didn't already have too many networking accounts to keep track of!
is cuddleing with propname, the cutest puppy ever!
is doing a little catch-up work but excited to start school tomorrow.
is doing to die to self...
is done with the final exam... and anxiously awaiting a weekend of fun!  fireworks, anyone?
is eating a yummy watermelon
is etching closer to becoming stir crazy..
is ev training. if you know what that is, yeah...shoot me.
is excited about seeing propname tonight and going on the boat cruise!
is excited about this weekend!  fun, yay!
is excited for propname's birthday! don't forget your one dollar bills girls!! haha :)
is excited to kick it old school with an old friend in a new place
is exhausted but so ready to see her ladies tomorrow!
is facing a difficult two weeks.
is feelin' much better (and stronger everyday)
is feeling better...the rain cleanses...vule vooo
is finally home :)
is fulfilled in life! is sooooo excited for everything! :)
is further failing at life. why do they give me extra bureaucratic hoops when i keep proving that i fail at jumping through them ><
is gettin ready for reggae!
is gettin ready to head out to my group!
is gettin' on the road, feelin' fine. i'll be back in isla vista in no time!
is getting everything to work out despite the drastic change in plans
is getting much better :d
is getting on her longboard for the first time in 3 months :d !!!!! now it's time to go around isla vista collecting flowers for my new apartment :)
is getting ready to get crunk and party like its 1999! holla at a playa! lol
is getting tired of long long nights on salary.
is getting tired of staring at her computer screen, working on a tefl course, and needs to take a break and go to the gym.
is getting to old to party hop. woo that was a lot of tequila.
is going into a morphine-induced slumber
is going out with propname tonight. :)
is going to check our floors for the living room today and then maybe to a gentlemanly game night.
is going to chicago for a couple of hours and then to crivitz! :d
is going to chill tonight, maybe order thai, and just relax....
is going to die to self
is going to get busy tonight... writing a paper. :(
is going to get gothed up and head to dracula's ball. project pitchfork and carfax abbey tonight.
is going to go have a chill day. all is going to be good :)
is going to go on a 1000 mile trip to iowa city tomorrow and friday.  this is going to be a long drive.
is going to law school. see y'all in three years.
is going to need a lot more upper body strength if i ever want to be a pole dancer
is going to oslo tomorrow!
is going to prague tomorrow. ;)
is going to see propname tonight, yay!
is going to see propname..wooo...is going to see propname...wooo! so psyched!!!!
is going to see the lovely bones, cause it is already out in nyc..yay!
is going to six flags//hurricane harbor with propname tomorrow... then taking him on a bus tour of chicago on thursday! yay! <3
is going to sleep... soon
is going to spend some time with her...
is going to start using disposable cameras again- she agrees with stephanie that the anticipation of not knowing what will show up is very missed
is going to the city tonight even though she's broken! ooo and my cousin drew a pretty pink cupcake on my cast :d
is going to the lone star ruby conf. in august!
is going to the mellow mushroom after work at 8.
is happier today. today was better. she talked to her supervisor, and an amazing thing happened...things got better. oh and life is good with thai food. yummy!! i love you....
is happy for his gf. congrats babe, i knew you could do it!!
is happy for the new year and is excited for all the wonderful things that are here now and are in the future :) xoxo
is happy things are coming together for her job and self-wise...is a lot busier than she realized...feels good about keeping her resolution to be selfish to herself...and is letting other people make the effort, and it is great :)
is happy to see no rain, hopes it lasts, is excited for what comes next, misses buddies back home, appreciates the buddies she is making up here
is happy when friends call out of the blue- propname, friends take random midnight walks with you- propname, and friends who make you crazy addicts for shows like dead like me - propname.
is happy!
is happy.  simple as that.
is having a bad day. not even target, shoes, nor a good guacamole carls jr. burger could bring me up.
is having a dinner party with freinds.
is having one of those days, but thankfully has come to the realization that moments do pass and tomorrow is a new day and the problems of this week will be a faded memory when next week comes around.
is headin downtown for some live music on this lovely sunday afternoon :)
is headin to the doctor yet again but then reggae in the redwoods tonight at the brookdale lodge :d
is high on swing dance. 'cept it's really late now...
is highly amused. the comparisons between propname and propname, as well as claims of her narcissism, are a classic case of psychological projection. (propname, really? just how frightened are they of this woman?) the msm are actually referring to no
is home and catching up on facebook :)
is hoping his sunday will turn out as well as his saturday did.
is in a really shit mood, fucking ps3 has a serious error in less than 6 fucking months :@, also msn is being a faggot and not letting me speak -.-
is in a tropical mood...i need a fruity umbrella drink
is in atlanta
is in canada!
is in chicago for uchi-con.  and somehow got stuck watching a game room again.
is in complete love with the blackberry her mom just surprised her with. and yes. she is so excited, that caps are completely necessary. <3 <3 <3 <3 <3<3
is in for another long day.
is in for the day.  the snow is coming down steadily outside, and it's beautiful.  a little music, a little hot tea, and a little work can make this a decent day.  any advice for clearing out a cluttered basement?
is in fort wayne for labor day weekend. :d
is in hawaii yay! no more phone after this... email at arsherrin@semesteratsea.net
is in hawaii, yay!
is in indiana for the weekend! <3
is in isla vista without a phone
is in italyyyyy
is in litomysl and loving every minute of it! ;)
is in love with college and can't wait to start in september :)
is in love. with .
is in need of a nap.
is in need of sleep and clean laundry
is in ottawa.  illinois, not canada.
is in san diego, boarding the mv explorer tomorrow morning! if you want to follow my voyage, i'm keeping a blog at    http:////sherrinthelove.blogspot.com//
is in santa clara to see the family. still missing the kitty.
is in search of the perfect margarita... :)
is in sf to attend a two-day prep course for school. still separated from my bride and hating every minute of it.
is in the bluff!
is jammin on dj hero with propname
is just not able to win on vampire wars..booo..at least she lives in nyc! yay!
is kinda confused....sigh
is kinda having a rough morning... but its looking up...
is learning... constantly
is leaving for anaheim super soon!
is listening to chinese metal out of curiosity. it is interesting.
is listening to propname like it is her job, is hungry and unsure of what to eat, and is questioning everything and yet nothing....blah hungry like a wolf!
is living life one day at a time
is living on cloud nine... aka in the montecito hills. the house i moved into is insanely beautiful and best of all... its free!!!
is looking at old photos...and is kinda glad she takes them off facebook every so often, so that she has them all to herself, and it helps her make sure she keeps moving forward  ;)
is looking forward to a steak dinner tonight in celebration of four years together as a couple.
is looking forward to bridge on the 25th :)
is looking forward to early january. not the birthday per se, but the potential to meet a good friend. :)
is looking forward to moving to dekalb at the end of may!
is lost, but in 2010 hopefully she will find her way and is making a promise to put herself first :)
is mad that the fair ended up being more about mud than anything else.
is mad that the store was out of wonton rolls. do not fry springroll wrappers. it will not work.
is making a four-minute oral argument tomorrow. should be interesting.
is making eggs and bacon before it's officially noon. ;)
is making facebook better :d (no, not by leaving)
is making his report.
is metal block the begining of a mini breakdown?  i feel something coming on...everything is starting to back up on me...
is missing isla vista hardcore tonight :( i need an adventure...
is no keynesian, but i think if there's one thing cash for clunkers demonstrates, it's that 787 billion (minus the 237 billion in tax cuts) would've been more stimulative coming from the pockets of american consumers than vested bureaucrats in washing
is not doing the chores that need doing. -_-
is not for the narrow minded!
is not knowing what to do with the time she has on her hands. park, stalking squirrels? ugh...does anyone need to hire an assistant? boo
is not loving the new gig, is praying something better comes along, and would like to see the new harry p movie. oh and could use a long nap
is not loving the rain. sigh
is not making fun of you.
is not really good at catching up on sleep
is not surprised the states most utilizing their natural energy endowments are facing the smallest budget gaps for the upcoming fiscal year. california: your move
is now a home owner. move in is saturday.  we spent last night scrubbing the place.
is now a permitted driver and organ doner!
is now on (the) twitter. this had better be worth it.
is off - again! - looking at colleges, but this time, out east. brown//wesleyan//yale//rochester impressions when i get back, if you want them.
is off to otakon once i get out of work.
is off to run some errands
is officially a bit of a stupid-head... had this crazy notion that my idiocy might not screw me over for certain but oh well.
is on the road again and deeply saddened to be separated from the kitty for the rest of the week.
is one lucky guy. first class, first day as a 1l and i'm the first to be called on to state the case. thankfully, i did alright.
is overwhelmed by data... and this is supposed to be a quick, easy lab? i barely even know where to start... my lack of experience is kicking my ass :(
is overwhelmed with excitement
is packing up old baggage, mailing it away to timbuktu and starting a new day :)
is packing.
is performing tonight in the opening concert in litomysl.
is pissed off that the godfather isn't streaming properly :@
is playing final fantasy vii :)
is pleased the american people will now have the time to read the government-run health care bill or have it interpreted for them. apparently, this is a luxury our representatives (and president) couldn't find the time in their busy schedules to accomplis
is pole dancing on saturday morning...lol :)
is pondering the contradictions in his fidelity to a jealous mistress.
is pondering...how many people pop up on your facebook homepage you can barely recall having talked to in the last year? hmmm....life it changes
is preparing for five days of awesomeness. hurray for geo18!
is preparing for his first real vacation in over a decade where i can just sit there for a week on purpose.
is preparing for the move, settlement tuesday.
is putting the touches on his halloween costume.
is reading his packet for law school orientation. this is all very exciting and petrifying at the same time.
is reading master and fool, the convoluted finally to the book of words trillogy, in between playing stupid facebook apps... such a nerd. >.<
is reading propname's secret life of bees... and watching season 3 of dexter.
is ready for her day off
is ready for school to start back... summer sucks when you aren't actually on vacation
is really missing her friends from back home. she loves each and everyone of you...you know who you special people are :)
is really really sore from dance yesterday! i can't wait for my muscles to get stronger so i can do more crazy stuff
is rediscovering her love for bjork
is regaining her colors and fitting into her skin again :d
is relaxing at home, and then going for a walk with propname.
is relaxing in the bahamas :) ?
is reminded of the underpants gnomes when listening to the hhs secretary ignore clear evidence that socialized medicine won't lower health care costs.
is repairing her very broken math skills one equation at a time
is seeing nine inch nails tonight... but more importantly, tony.
is seeing propname this weekend. :)  we're going to the shedd aquarium and doing other fun stuffs. <3
is seeing propname tonight after class, and we're going to see egypt central in concert tomorrow!  (only the start of a wonderful weekend!)
is sharing the secrets of the best products she has used lately. the instyler- amazing hair, even with light mist outdoors. urban decay primer potion- i rub my eyes a lot and it still stays (wish it worked for mascara). forever makeup aqua eyes- gorgeous colors you will get tons of compliments, and it stays! love to all :)
is shocked at her grades, not as bad as i thought!
is sick
is sick and blames you
is sick and can't sleep. waiting for my new phone to come later today.
is sick of removing quiz results from his news feed. please friends, just share the ones you reeeeaaaaaaaly like.
is sick, but propname being here tonight will make it better.
is sick.
is sleepy, excited, and wondering...
is sleepy, is sooo happy and content, is so lucky to have the many wonderful people she has in her life, and is really happy to have the opportunity to have work in such a crazy economy :)
is sleepy, loves propname's new blog, propname's remodeled blog, propname's new makeup, and is so pumped for new moon!!! did she mention she has the new cd and loves it?
is slightly going mad...
is smiling
is so brainwashed by neutrogena ads. praying for those who have less and for the strength to love all she has with patience
is so excited about the future with propname... i.e., next weekend! haha.
is so excited for fireworks! i love watching fireworks!!
is so excited to finally get out of the hospital tomorrow!
is so excited to start a summer book club!!
is so happy it is friday. laundry, library, sleep. ahhh
is so happy!  propname got a job today!!!
is so lucky to have him. <3
is so sick of this hospital and not being able to do things on her own
is so sore, but super happy about the new new moon trailer. sigh...
is so stoked to see propname, propname and propname at the hollywood bowl with her lady tonight!!!
is so tired... from train to home to train to school to train to home... all in one day. no more, please. //whimper
is so tired...yawn
is someone...
is sooo happy. things are coming together. so grateful for all the wondeful people in life that make it so great. just so so so so happy!
is sooo sick of douche bags! kick rocks bitches!!!!!
is soooo sleepy
is soooo sleepy.....zzzzzzzzzzzzz
is sooooo excited to see mu sochua speak today!!!
is sooooo stressed out! argh...where is katie????
is soooooo excited 4 the hols
is spending her day off watching dexter instead of being productive like she should be...
is starting school on monday... con law ii, trial ad, animal law, veteran's advocacy, and sexual orientation law... should be interesting.
is steadily developing an iron butt. and no, he hasn't been to the gym lately.
is still awake at 3:30.  oh me
is still in fort wayne and is excited about crivitz this weekend! :d
is still patiently waiting for 9
is still thinking about how amazing the season finale of dexter was...wow. and is now hooked on lost...she gets it now. still agonizing over seeing boone go bye bye...sexy sexy man
is stoked for west beach today!!! too bad its not sunnier... didn't someone tell santa barbara its still summer?
is stressed out.
is stressing about finals.  so much to do, so little time.  luckily, i have the amazing prize of being with propname worry-free once all this work is done.
is strongly considering jag after law school. might attend ocs over the summer.
is struggling :( :( :( :( :(
is stuck at work this fine saturday afternoon.
is studying with lord of the rings in the background.  the holidays are just not the holidays without lord of the rings for some reason.
is studying, doing laundry, studying, going shopping, studying, and cooking for propname tonight!  yippee!
is surprised that propname and propname are engaged. found out not at perez..
is thankful for a warm fire, good wine and her ladies :d
is thankful for everyone and everything. my life is beautiful and i am such a lucky girl. ? & ?...happy thanksgiving! love you all!
is thankful for her quite patio to watch the meteor shower from tonight :) anyone want to join me?
is thankful; only justice scalia's wit could make civ pro bearable reading at this hour.
is thinking about going to graduate school?  not quite sure, just exploring the idea.  there is quite a bit to consider.
is thinking of a movie title; dr. strangehair or: how i learned to stop worrying and love the cue ball look
is thinking of doing both stairmaster//booty exercises and tricked out pole class tonight. workout obsessed!!
is thinking, what's not to love about a city that hosts a festival called, pig out in the park
is tired after a long day.
is tired of being sick. death to all swine.
is tired, and off to bed
is tired. is trying to get energy to get out. oh boo.
is tired. she would sleep, but there's a cat on her desk that requires supervision.
is transitioning
is trying to change.  long overdue, i suppose.
is trying to do her chem lab but keeps getting distracted by this
is trying to fight it off
is trying to find a movie to wath online...any suggestions??
is unexplainably down :\
is very cold, feeling jumpy, and ahhhhhhhh
is very excite for today and this weekend.
is very happy with her grades and even happier that she didn't spend more time than needed on school this quarter!
is waging a vendetta against ucsb parking services!
is waiting for the progressive man wishing she were at the gym! :-(
is walking on sunshine! cold weather, hot cocoa, new moon coming soon, good food in the tummy, and a brighter outlook on life. yay! it is true... those things do pass, and sometimes they need a helping kick out the door. :) lol
is wantin 2 dye amys hair!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is warm and blood free...oh sweet sweet life! lol
is watching district 9
is watching gossip girl. this may mean i've failed to acquire taste.
is watching iron jawed angels.
is watching the godfather
is watching the godfather trilogy back to back on blu-ray :d
is watching the little league world series.
is wishing his kitty a happy (and momentous) two-month anniversary.
is with propname!
is with propname. <3
is wondering what the fuck x-factor is coming to. i mean, propname beating propname? what is this crap
is wondering why propname is so popular?
is worn and battle weary... but i refuse to give up...
is...
isn't nyquil supposed to knock your ass out?
it makes me sad to see propname all iced over...
it was a close one! but a w is a w, go dolphins!
it was good to get out of the house for a little while, and even better to see my girls!
it was so nearly the perfect football day - ucla won again, but then usc came from behind
it'll take a lot of convincing before i'll even think about watching caprica. reimagined battlestar can kma. i might change my mind if the writters demonstrate they're capable of keeping the plot details straight through the whole series. thoughts anyone?
it's 4:30 and i'm still awake.  i hate myself sometimes
it's a lovely day in the neighbo[u]rhood when ucla win and the university for spoiled children lose :)
it's a sunshine day!!! laaa
it's alive!  no more flu & at work.
it's beginning to look a lot like washington around here.
it's crunch time. see y'all in a month or so.
it's doppelganger week. change your profile picture to someone famous you have been told you resemble (actor, singer, athlete, etc)...i have been told by multiple people that i look like propname.  i guess it could be worse
it's doppelgger week, in which facebookers may change their profile pictures to someone famous their appearance has been compared to. post to ur profile!
it's like turning air into gold
it's propname's birthday in about 45 minutes, but he doesn't want a surprise party!
it's raining, it's pouring, my whole life is boring, because of yooouuuuuu! - if anyone beside weezie can name this quote i will be plesantly surprised
it's the prophet versus them profits all the time.
it's too close - we're not used to playing in the coldits a beautiful fall day in southern california.
its a good night for fishing.
its hard to enjoy with other people when you know theres only one person you need to enjoy everything, its harder when that person wants to enjoy everything with someone else. :c
j-e-t-s jets jets jets!
j-e-t-s! jets! jets! jets!
jacked up my neck again.  and my finger.  and my hand.  and my shoulder.  and elbow.  and knee.  and my calf.  i'm kind of awesome
jacked up my neck somehow.  this should be a good night's sleep
jammin my lady gaga cd, i got from propname for christmas!!!!!!!!!!!  she rocks!!!!!!!!!!!
jazz is so pleasant :).... bliss
jest ca?kowicie zakochana.
jesus said to love others as you love yourself... so first you have to love yourself!!
just another day...
just ate delicious pizza after a busy and tiring day of walking around downtown oslo, the viking ship museum, norsk folkmuseum and beautiful new opera house with propname and propname.
just began his first involuntary, five-day furlough. so sad.
just booked a flight to la this weekend, and paid a whopping 13.20 roundtrip, thanks to an evoucher from my mom. thanks mom!! :-)
just booked vegas. so excited!!
just bought his hadouken! tickets :) anyone else goin?
just cried like a small child for propname and propname's wedding. i want to marry propname...so beautiful
just dropped in on my lovely italian friend - now feel the need for agnello e risotto a funghi
just experienced her first clarksburg light parade! lol
just finished counseling report! :p 23 ai's to go. hahaha
just finished her last quarter at ucsb. crazy.
just finished the cset. didn't think it was that hard, which either means i bombed it or i nailed it. we shall see...now i am napping :-)
just for the record, kim just made me log into her account to harvest her farmville raspberries
just found a little piece of popcorn chicken in his fried fish balls. it was crunchy. mlia
just got a call for an interview for a job she applied for back in june. go figure. sometimes things take time. cross your fingers :)
just got back from a nickelback concert.
just got back from the reel rock film show and officially views propname as the biggest badass ever
just got drunk with the germans in his suite. maybe there's something to grad dorms after all.
just got the most amazing rainbow tutu and leggings!
just got up.
just made a nucketful of cookies and a bunch of baked fries. :) yes, i am awesome.
just made civic jazz orchestra!!!
just one of those days
just performed surgery on a lizard(green anole now named tropical thunder), we bought from the pet store last night cause he looked near death.  he's doing well now, i think his leg is better, it's all about preventing complications//infections now. pictures later. time to go to propname's bdat picnic.
just realized how much she missed all the girls! love you guys! xoxo
just realized i'm missing lovefest! wtf! :-(
just realized it's a lot easier to breathe when you don't live in the grass-seed capital of the world.
just saw a flash of channy's face on a commercial! yay!
just saw a really nice house, we'll be putting a bid in asap.
just saw the season finale of dexter.  holy shit.
just set up network printing even though everyone said it was impossible. ha!
just spent the last hour looking at photos from junior abroad in london, and is dying to go back
just started reading blonde by propname (a fictional biography of propname). it's one of those books that all day you are just dying for the opportunity to read a little more...oh how i love books
just tried kimchi and suchi! :d
just updated my profile...much has changed since college!
just visited wash. u. in st. louis, and is very impressed.
just waiting...
just watched an episode of locked up abroad... dont take your freedom for granted people... its a blessing...
just watched back to the future for the first time
just went skateboarding for the first time in my life. it'll be a few days practice before i can make it through campus.
justine henin, stay the hell away from tennis.  no one wants you back.  you sir, were a bitch
kansas city chiefs over pittsburgh steelers, 27-24.  disgrace.
kap bambino yayyyyyyy!
kapoy
kapoy na,. t_t
keep government away from my medicare!  as good a summary of american politics as one is likely to get these days.
keep hatin bitches...i'm just getting started! weeeee
keep your fingers crossed that propname kept his germs to himself...
keith just told me he thinks we should go to ireland
kill them all.  god will recognize his own.-
kindergarten report cards
know what sucks, when there is this one person who the first time you saw them you thought they had absolutely one of the most lovable personalities and nicest smiles ever and you try to let them know that they mean so much to you in the little time you have around them and somewhat fail to do that then you keep in touch with them nearly every week you're not around them for a year and you see them only
kushala daora nasd.
kylees dying my hair =]]
l5r
la dee dee 1 2 3 propname the half a bee
la la la la!
la novia de chucky...lol
language arts center @ oak knoll, lunch with mom, gym time, then i'm watching all the shows i dvrd this week. yay friday :-)
last cabin trip of the summer. sad :(
last day of adding... fingers are crossed
last night i dreamt that i was a real housewife of atl, and nene was trying to start some drama with me! i was ready to fight her! then i woke up...
last night pretty much sums up my entire uchicago experience.  i don't regret going.  i regret screwing up the decisions made while there.
last night was. lol.
laundry almost done... it was a lovely day for a walk
law school is too hard!
lazy sunday.
le principe le plus profond de nature humaine est le dir ardent ?re appri?.. le besoin flambant pour un sentiment d'importance.
leading day camp
learned booze + high heels = bad idea
leaving for the airport and flying to norway tomorrow!
legal research reminds me of combing the ocean floor for treasures. every once in a while i return to the same spot with the knowledge that what i thought was a rock might have actually been an oyster with a pearl inside.
leopard ?
let go spartans lets go!
let's go cowboys!
let's go lions
let's go rangers!
let's go, jets!  c'mon!
lets align timeframes in view of a merger with mutual cross linking benefits.
lets go state!!  8-0 baby!
lets make the most of this year
lhc: 2 beams woooooo!
libertarianism is just anarchism for rich people.
life is looking up
life is white, and i am black. jesus and his lawyer are coming back.
like a madman laughing at the rain. a little out of touch, a little insane
likes that it really rained last night :)
lingaw ako report sa 109. yey :p
lingaw nga day. :p
listening like crazy to the glee soundtrack, happy in her very clean room, excited for new beginnings, grateful for today, tomorrow, and everyday, even the bad ones :) a hug for everyone!
listening to opera, brahms and browsing through amazon.com.
lit his fried chicken on fire and now has more stuff to clean.  great.
little brak!!!!!!!!!!!!! yea!!!!!!!!! kenau to me.............. wierd
little chilly!
lolz been so long since i logged on here :p
lolz thx guys
lonely and bored! wahhhhhh!
long day full of yays and mehs...
looking for someone who knows latin, lives in the palo alto area, and wants to teach a small latin ii class (2 hours in the a.m., 3 times a week) for 27// hour.
looking for the light at the end of the tunnel
looking forward to beethoven g major concerto tonight!
looking forward to christmas festivities!
looking forward to vbs next month!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <3
looking forward to visiting prague again on friday to pick up my japanese visa.
looking like this is going to be another sleepless night...dang it
looks forward to forever with propname. <3
looks like japan is drinking the change kool-aid.
loong day tomorrow. not looking forward to it. hopefully i did ok on my mid term for history. =p
loong lazy day. i've had too many of these. oh well, hopefully tomorrow will be better.
loser mode. hahaha
lost btches!
louisiana justice of the peace who refused to marry an interracial couple: i'm not a racist . . . i have piles and piles of black friends. sure you do.
love looks not with the eye but with the mind and therefore, is winged cupid painted blind?
love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind , and therefore is winged cupid painted blind.
loved the princess and the frog...i almost cried! finally at age 24 i get to see a disney princess on the big screen, and it was so special to me...i just ? this movie! propname you are the perfect date! xoxoxox
loved transformers! so cool!!
loves beautiful days in ny with beautiful people, has a new temp gig starting monday, has an interview monday, and is pretty much loving life! xoxo
loves beautiful music of every shape and size
loves her field fridays and beer hour! thanks propname for being such a great beer czar
loves her valentine. <3
loves the gorilla face!
loves the holidays... but loves them more with a propname.
loves usps. when you underpay for online postage, they charge you at the counter. when you overpay, they pocket the difference and say thank you. isn't that just the federal government in a nutshell?
loving the snow. :)
lunes d de trabajo....
m.i.a. until i finish my projects, tests and cset this saturday! work work work...
made eggrolls the right way.
made fresh chocolate chip cookies...yummmmyyy
made it through the first day of rehearsal after a long journey! :)
made my 1st imovie! my fave clips of me dancing to aerosmith crazy...haha :)
made spicy coconut soup mmm
making a class schedule when everything closes fast is hard work. blahhhh
math...
mato a propname!
may you be in heaven half an hour before the devil know your dead...
may you be in heaven half an hour before the devil knows your dead...
maybe going home grounded me...i feel so much better now!
maybe it was a seisure?  she seems ok today, no weird movements, eating and drinking, and her cagemate is acting normal...i read online that strokes are common but it doesnt sound like they bounce back that quick...
merry christams to all my friends on facebook :)
merry christmas eve y'all.  i shall celebrate by working at b&n making drinks for annoying last minute shoppers.  i know you're jealous, i just hope it doesn't ruin our friendship
merry christmas eve! being a good girl today, going to the gym and then church! ?
merry christmas everyone!
merry christmas people!!!
merry christmas to all!
merry christmas to all, and to all a good night!
merry christmas!
met 2 girls named propname in line at duane under the age of one, saw propname in the latest issue of gq, and is happy that buying a new toothbrush head makes her believe in the world of new and wonderful possibilities. love to all today and every other :)
meteor shower tonight! fml!!!!!!!!!
michael scott dancing in the booze cruise episode is really entertaining to me right now.
might go n c motorhead live at the end of the month :)
mil gratci a todos por las congratulations :)
minnesingers last night. bored today...
misael's teahing me a little self defense. hahaha
misses having hobbies.  geez, law school, suck the life out of me, why don't you?
misses propname already.
misses propname. i wish we could kick back and have a quiet evening tonight.
misses the beach already...
mj died :(
mmm espresso at chocco cafe.
mmm... strawberry rhubarb cobbler... mmmm
mmm...home-made pizza. :)
mmmm beeen feeling quite happpy =))))
mmmm... good food after a long day of coachings and practice.
mom's coming home tonight. =]]
mom: i'm sitting on main street like a hooker
mom: so you're playing hard to get? me: who's playin, i am hard to get! lol lol lol
moma al fin... union square and such...shoe shopping...
monday a.m. yoga...sigh my life is so hard ;)
money, teeth cleaning, g-ma's, bus, top secret errand, target, rodarte dress for 40(!!!), some warm and comfy- themed xmas shopping, spending time with mom, coffee, sephora.com, the office, stepping outside and forgetting how cold it gets without proper coverage- productive and selfindulgent bliss. not a bad day off.
montevideo es lo mas!
morality, like art, means drawing a line someplace. ---oscar wilde
most of my eyecandy is gone...time for a new gym! p.s. lost my phone! holler at me on here!
motorola s305!!!
mr hart's 1l advice: when preparing for the socratic method, remember to think in questions.
must be insane for starting a twitter account
must read asher lev...grrrr....
must stop impulsively visiting this site. remembering when i was just on a few minutes ago might help.
must work, but the facebook demands my time!
my ankle hurts.  stupid dishwasher door
my cousin keeps beating me at bejewled blitz!
my facebook looks the same...am i missing something?
my first epic fail. :p
my first typhoon experience ever is coming!!
my fucking computer got a virus.  incredible.
my hangover + klonopin + gresy ass breakfast = festive events in me bed! :-)
my hat is off for the colts.
my mom and i were talking about all the food that reminds me of home last night, now i am a little home sick.  i love this time of year in michigan!
my mouth always gets me in trouble...
my new phone comes today =]] and i scored a c on my first quiz. yayy =]]
my old roomate from englewood, propname, is in town.
my phone stopped working, i can call out, but the person i call cannot hear me!
my second favorite team - arizona!!!
my son breaks his ankle on the football field and his only concern is that he missed the pool party with the cheerleaders!
my thanksgiving utopia lasted a whole hour...new record.
my toe hurts, i hate work, i am tired. i am so not a grown up...
my wonderful husband bought me a really fast computer (the old one caught a trojan). the remaining 15 pages will just fly by. thank you propname
na.a na jud koi beta key! salamat hans. :d propname
nag ulan nasd, so long, my luckless romance.
nakakuha na jud ko ug beta key! salamat propname. :d
name?
name?
necesito todos los negativos posibles de fotos... si tienen plzzzz denlos!!
necessity is the plea for every infringement of human freedom. it is the argument of tyrants; it is the creed of slaves. -
need some time with my brain... time for a walk
need.. more.. motivations.... motivate me motivate me... rawr
needs a big hug
needs a hot hair cut. anyone know where i can get a fierce one for under 50 in vc?
needs a job.
needs a love song that speaks of boots that take your breath away, or the sadness inside you feel when a beautiful piece of clothing costs more than a teeth cleaning. no more of this stuff about wishing a guy//girl would love you. how about wishing you had a place to wear a 3,000 gown? could afford a 3,000 gown? :)
needs a stupid, fluffy book to read inbetween experiences of normalcy.
needs inspiration to re-organize her space... and time.  oh yes, time.
needs internal motivation.
needs one day at a time...sigh
needs to catch up on sleep...
needs to cut back on dragon age.
needs to get a nifty book, a language version and a development environment that actually work together. i've got this book on python for hacking//reverse engineering, but it's for 2.5, which is a not compatible old standard(current is 3+) and for an older version of eclipse, which has also had a massive change in the current version and this book was published in 2009.
needs to get hair recolored. ahhhhhhhhhhhh
needs to stop listening to her normal playlist if she wants to stop waking up feeling like she's missed something big.
needs to tie up loose ends...
nervous
new favorite cocktail = champagne & chambord...delicious!
new year...maybe some new hair...i'm thinking chocolatie brown!
new york marathon happening right outside her window. woooo
next term i'll have a lab and get to do science every day. until then i have a cube and get to do homework every day.
ni abot na jud sa point nga i'm actually dreaming about missing her. hahaha lol kaayu
nicel little test for !! way to show them  how to play pro football!!
ninja landscaping for the win.
no more uhmmms for me. :c
no no no propname cannot have a crush on shoe...
no one in zombieland should die because they cannot afford a chainsaw, and no one should go broke because they get bit. if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.
no one lets charms in the vehicle in the entire united states marine corps.
no one should be frozen in carbonite, or be slowly digested for a thousand years in the bowels of a sarlaac, just because they couldn't pay propname what they owe him. if you agree, post this as your status.
no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.
no soporto al artista cuya principal motivaci sea la provocaci. creo que los grandes provocadores lo son sin proponselo...         -pedro almodovar
no, i don't want any patriotic panties! stupid facebook ads
no, i'm sorry; a manometer is not a device that goes off when propname is nearby.
no-class stadium for a no-class coach :( but i did park on someone's drive for 20 instead of the 60 that i would have had to give to usuck
not in the mood to do anything, pwede ra ko mu stay in a corner?
not sick!!! yay!
not to be a bitch but...if i hear about one more celeb dying from drug overdose i'm going to fing lose it...get it together and act like adults...ridic
note to self...do not eat curvy pickles...they will squirt you in the eye when bitten into too feverishly!
nothing gives you a better night sleep than nyquil =)
nothing like a basketball win to lift the spirits...
nothing like falling asleep for an hour then waking up and being wide awake. stupid body
nothing to do in lab because the tas messed up in turning yeast into spheroplasts on time. too good to be true.
now bamboo thinks it's wood, and that pisses me off.
now has lens flare, thanks propname.
now i kinda wish it was snowing...just for over night, then after i am able to enjoy it over a cup of coffee then it can vanish!
now propname is asking when's my party?  who predicted that?!
now propname is sick...and realizes what a jerk he was when i was sick
now takes the storke exit into iv instead of the los carneros exit... weird
now that i've been released from the clutches of retail it's time for some friends and family.  merry xmas eve peeps
now we are headed to propname's to watch propname and me again!
ny is the best!
o be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight; and never stop fighting.   ~e.e. cummings
octarine!
off to buy more coffee.
off to eat some yummy sushi!
off to japanese class within the hour-- have to stop surfing the web!!
off to st. louis. back on friday.
off to the drive in to see transformers and star trek!!!!!!!!!
offer accepted on house, woo.  currently making angel food cake with choc//hazelnut frosting for propname's bday picnic. also, we bought a lizard with a bad leg to see if we could fix him any better than the pet store. poor guy.
officially employed!!!!! yee!!!!
oh boys...lets not be ghetto...
oh no propname is really sick, i even made him chicken soup yesterday, and he still is running a fever!
oh sweet sweet monday, you treated me so well...
oh time for little anna nicole to take a bath...i love when her little face gets more concern wrinkles! too cute!
oh yes its ladies night, and the feelins right! oh yes its ladies night, oh what a night...
ok i think i worked out too much today...everything hurts...but i had fun! :)
ok...2 assignments and a midterm...then let the festivities begin! yayyyyy!
olive garden tonight =]]
omg trader joes delivers to me...yay
omg!!!! lost!
omg. shoot me.
omg...finally got the next twilight book...yay!!
on the radio is playing on the radio.  insert ever so slight chuckle
once agaian getting ready to take propname to the doctor.
once again can't sleep, but too tired to do anything productive.
once uppon a nightmare. :d
one month without a cigarette!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
one more day of vbs =[
one of my prospective students just asked me out...is it 3 yet?  this week has been crazy...
one of my students has a pink graphing calculator, and i am a little jealous...6 years ago they did not come in pink :(
one that would have the fruit must climb the tree.
only 3 weeks?! what happened???!!!
only kinda sick-ish. yay!
only theater in the area is in chicago....
organizing things and getting excited about the bahamas! ?
osit!
ou know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.?propname
our tree is naked! we can't find the skirt
out in sacramento tonight! starting at badlands! woo hoo!
over the river and to the woods to boosha's house we go!
oye, so tired...sometimes i wish that we could spend more time enjoying and less time preparing this time of year
pac 10 football . . . what the hell are you guys doing this season?
passed all 3 subtests of the cset in one go, and i never even did a practice test. i am awesome.
passed his f//m exam.  huzzah!
passed the praxis
people should learn to leave messages...
perseid meteor shower
petted some dolphins today!!
pewter city gym rocks! (with grund type pokemon)
pewter city gym rocks! (with grund type pokemon) hahaha. para nalang jud di ko mka huna2 ug di maayu nga butang.
ph'nglui mglw'nafh? c'thulhu r'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn!
philosophical sundays
picking up leaves...i love fall
pintando ojos...
playitaaaa...!!! video week
please fill out my survey at ca propname survey group!
please pray for propname (our 1st yr psyc friend and officer). she had an accident and she has blood-clot. she is currently undergoing operation at cebu doc hosp. thank you.
please pray for propname (our 1st yr psyc friend and officer). she had an accident and she has blood-clot. she is currently undergoing operation at cebu doc hosp. thank you. [-from a reliable source.]
poor little wolverines...at this rate the nit is a goal!!  look at your sad little glum faces...
power and love and self-control
practicing...
pre-birthday happy hour, tonight, o'sheas, 5:30ish to whenever.  i realize it's late notice, come if you can manage.
preparing for her voyage across eurasia... not over the pond this time. ;)
press on- nothing can take the place of persistence. talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. perseverance and determination alone are omnipotent. propname
pretty happy after a good weekend, and after getting to go to a party and see some really close pcc friends once more
prisoner by my own design
probably failed another midterm.
probably the busiest i have ever been in my life
progress is made by lazy men looking for easier ways to do things.-heinlein
propname
propname
propname always takes too long to get here in the morning. blahhhhhhhhhhh
propname and propname are my two middle names. everyone calm down now...
propname and sushi. :d
propname cant wait to dress up and go trick or treating!
propname is flying into chicago tonight...i will miss that guy!
propname is going to deal with a ticket...i dont know where his checks are if i need to bail him out!
propname is hilarious.
propname is terrified of the half deflated mylar balloon outside of our condo, when we went for a walk she barked at it and then peed all over herself when i grabbed it to toss it out.  she is such a frady pup!
propname just started working on his first mozart aria... a bit late but it'll have to do :)
propname mixed week old coucous with new coucous, and he cannot understand why i will not eat it...
propname noms as predicted...propname saw his furry shadow but the weather man said we are in an el nino...i am on team rodent!
propname propname, generous, fun-loving, all-around good guy and manager at propname's fox valley will sponsor this fundraising event on behalf of the awakenings project. we will receive 10% of the proceeds of all the meals sold on jan. 29th between the hours of 4 pm and 10 pm. even those purchased by people who don't know awakeni...ngs. but since you are part of our facebook group, you do know us!
propname said, i was just the vessel. it wasn't propname's sperm. just like i stick the sperm up my horse, this is what they did to me. i was his thoroughbred. and this is the part where my brain vomits...
propname was bad enough, but at least he distorted data and concocted fear-mongering chartsngrafs to support his cockamamie theory. the norwegian nobel committee just lost its credibility--forever.
propname was going to teach me to levitate, but propname shot him with a marshmellow gun.
propname: so... saturday night, the big night. date night. saturday night, sa-tur-day night! propname: no plans, huh? propname: not a one. ~~ha ha ha ha ha!
pumped from working out at konami, but is cramming japanese for the lesson tomorrow.
puppy training classes then uga football weee
putting together my coverletter and resume...i think i can i think i can i think i can
que blesse la chair purifie l'e, ce que blesse l'e fortifie la rolution.
question... does anyone actually use the poke feature on facebook anymore?
question: how does one get 8th graders to shut the ____up?! propname? propname? propname? propname? i know you know - i'm exhausted.
quick survey: when is the last time you used poke? this week, this month, don't remember.
quiero nicaragua y el ghetto otra vezz!!!! sonambulear por san juan del sur...
r.i.p. .
r.i.p. propname
r.i.p., propname. maybe people will be less cruel to you where you are now.
raid data recovered completely from swapped pair that was unrecognized by nas after nas flipped out and wiped itself 100 times.  400gb data now safe.
rarely ever gets sick. hopefully this will pass quickly.
rcc orientation tomorrow morning. =]]
re-arranged all the furniture in my room today to make way for the pole. i love re-arranging furniture, it makes me feel so accomplished!
readings galore. :d
ready for a new day after a disappointing evening!
realizes that she has friends on facebook that she doesn't remember how she met... is that wrong? discuss:
really do not care for my hyper metabolism
really needs comfort food...
really? you have to remind yourself to raise american spirits?
received early acceptance to michigan tech in civil engineering!!!!!!!!!!!!  now its time for my peace corps application! get ready world, 'cause here i come!
recidivism (n.) - 1. committing new offenses after being punished for a crime.  2.  chronic repetition of criminal or other antisocial behavior. replace criminal with stupid, and i think i've found my problem.
reckons it's looking a lot like washington in california right now.
record so hard it broke the needle.
rediscovered an old journal and some old poetry of hers and is spending the day pondering who she is and who her real friends are                            ....... bed rest has given me a lot of time to think lol <:~)
relaxing and listening to music. funn stuff
remembers the good old days when we could pay for everything under the sun by bringing the troops home. it amazes me how inconsistent we can be when the birkenstock is on the other foot.
reminds those engaging in civil discourse; when you have to resort to accusations of racism, you're probably losing the debate.
rest in peace uga the bulldog, the world of college mascots morns you today
restless...
restoration! or, why lts is incredible.
reviewin stuff, like i do ?
rip open the diseased heart of a corporation and what spills out? -on people
rip prague nights fall semester 2007
rip propname. the world owes you a great debt for everything you've done for music.
roast + wine + family + south park = a very happy propname
rock band and ddr.  yessss
rockin it grandma style with the new car....yo! haha
rule of the great:    when people you greatly admire appear to be thinking deep thoughts, they are probably thinking about lunch.
s computer works... exactly like it did when it came out of the box. gg reformatting (unwillingly).
s first day of work was rough. nice, but rough.
s g-ma is the coolest
s gf likes everything, apparently.
s heart is on its way back to fort wayne.
s spleen is healing nicely but she still can't feel her fingertips on her left hand. she also wishes the nurses' assistants weren't so incompetent... one helped me to the toilet this morning then left and never came back to help me back into bed (which i
s throat hurts.  please don't let me get sick this close to finals...
s toenails look neon in the sun, but grungie in the shade...don't get yellow! lol
s wireless internet keeps spazzing out every five minutes.  it's really annoying.  actually, it's more than annoying, but i haven't gotten angry enough to start using foul language.
s world is rocked with the ht820.
sac airport finally got a new pa announcement.
sad that vbs is over for the year..cant wait til next year!
safe and sound in japan! :)
said it before, will say it again, i work with some of the best people on the planet
salvador dali's distorted clocks were inspired by melting cheese. i'll never eat a grilled cheese sandwich the same way again.
same old spartans...
saturday!!! :d
saw airforce one yesterday on otis airforce base.
saw mamma mia for the first time today. i like it =]]
saw my old friend propname today, lots of catchin' up to do...=]]
saw propname wtc 1, can't wait for the partitas in march.
saw up. also saw two chuck norris movies. ffffffffffff- weirdest mix ever.
says ..but everyone does it!
says hi.
says it's almost time for otakon.
says y dont any1 take me 4 who i am :(
school...back to real life! :-(
scored about 65k in bejeweled blitz in one second.  that was nice.
scouty is going to the doctor...
second season of the paper chase is being released this december. sweeeet.
see, when you forgive your imperfections, and you've auctioned all your clothes, and you look to see your true reflection, you will be the one who loves you the most -propname the one who loves you the most
self-observation brings man to the realization of the necessity of self-change. and in observing himself a man notices that self-observation itself brings about certain changes in his inner processes. he begins to understand that self-observation is an instrument of self-change, a means of awakening.?---alguien
seminar went well, kateri and i have the marks to prove it. now food, tomorrow, house viewing. next week, knives or swords.
sends his blessings to those who keep the embers of freedom alight. happy independence day!
set up a mobile router. was way easier than i thought it would be.
shame on me. raetjgliajgtjajgaijglajweglkjajga
shot one down. 19 more to go.
should be studying but is being naughty! tisk tisk! lol
show me a completely smooth operation and i'll show you a cover up. real boats rock. -
sick as shit.
since when did you become the center of the universe?
sir, you know.
six flags today, dells tomorrow!
skiing in -2 degree weather...what better way to celebrate the new year?
skipped the gym today, but is willing to make up for it by dancing!! going to mix! woo
sleep is for suckas
sleep.
sleeping children fear not for the sun brings a new day
snorkling is my workout for this week!
snow advisory for atlanta today and tomorrow...good thing i have bead, milk and meat in the house!
snow day! woohoo! ha this is my first status update in like three months. umm, giggidy, giggidy, goo!
snow predicted when i go home!!  i cant wait!
snow snow snow snow!!!!!! here i come!!!!
snowing!  all of atlanta grinds to a halt for a snow flurry....so glad i am at home!  careful driving with the crazies out there people!
so apperently the owners at my school have decided that they want to make things as complicated as possible...enter new and stupidly expensive computer program!
so excited for new cleveland show, family guy and american dad tonight!
so excited for pole class tonight! making a pole playlist, just for fun. newest addition: criminal - propname
so exhausted today, i don't want it to rain. blehhhh
so far...i have an a in sociology =]]
so glee was not so bad...here is the question, is the diva going to tell the ladies and that is how propname is going to find out that propname is the father
so happy i'm not clopening this weekend
so i dont have to keep typing this evrytime sum1 asks... slipped during a cliff jump, didnt clear the rocks below. sheared the ball joint in my left elbow, dislocated it (compound fracture), compound fracture in my forearm, 3 fractured ribs and lacerated
so many good movies
so much to do before tomorrow...i am actually a little overwhelmed!
so my dome light will not go out when i am driving, i actually reasched the problem myself and sent propname out to spray the crap out of my door latches with wd40...i cannot believe i was on a forum looking up car stuff...
so my fortune cookie told me you and your wife will be happy in your life together my wife? i always thought i'd be married to a guy? fml!
so not a day for work... good thing i'm working nights this week... :d
so now what am i suppost to do on wensday nights?  damn it fox...no glee until april?
so the guito from jersey shore that calls him self the situtation is trying to trademerk it now...
so tired after the great urban race with stella. she is a rock solid awesome teammate. now off to d&b to celebrate the big 24 with propname! yay busy and fun weekends!
so ugly and tired looking from finalsss, but i'm doneee =)
so variety is reporting that the cast of jersey shore is coming back for a second season, making 10,000 per episode.  i guess they were making a few hundred per episode before.  that is alot of tanning, hair products, and tiny tops!
so, i got something in my eye and rubbed it and now it looks like i got punched in the face...everyone was making domestic violence jokes at the party...
so, i locked the doors on my truck at kim's, because it's a main road and we'd be busy editing the movie.  however, when i left, i noticed that i left all my windows open.  probably not the safest of security systems
so, i tried to sit down and pay my birthday tax today, and i cannot find the paper work...i know i have it here somewhere!
so, my tickets for saturday's spartan wallop of the propname are in the mail, i should have them tomorrow...does anyone want to go see u2?
so...i never got the facination with farmville until i built my zoo...totally addicted!  if you have zooworld let me know i will send you a gift
sold back my school books for 138.75! =)
someones going to get it soo bad later, ugh!!
something note worthy
somethings not right...
sometimes i think a busou renkin cosplay would be hilarious, then i stop and remember papillon
songs from back in the day make her smile, wants it to be friday already, and loves that for every worry she has her mom is there to tell her she will have a happily ever after :)
sooo many sidedishes like korean food.
sooooooo much stuff to do this week.
soooooooooooooo excited to see propname cause she rocks! in the meantime i am lmao at www.notalwaysright.com
speech is my hammer
spending a night with 9 ibm programmers feels like a chapter out of microserfs.
spending her saturday night home watching movies with hot cocoa. yum!
spending the next few hours reading about language arts framework, consonant digraphs and vowel diphthongs...yay...psych!! :(
spews toxic gas into your personal air bubble. it's super effective!
spit it so hard it oughta be a crime.
spit so hard that it oughta be a crime
squeals of little girl delight! going home to south florida tomorrow! been over 6 months :)
stability means we run it. there are countries that are very stable. cuba is stable, but that not called stability.
statistics show that people who have the most birthdays live the longest!
statistics show that people who have the most live the longest!
steamroll the irish, wolverines.
steelers!
still hoping wla mi class. :p
still need to see across the universe
still not smoking and feeling pretty good!  hopefully the worst is over!
still not smoking and my mood is improving.
still waiting on ps3 and//or an imac, but i haven't exchanged gifts with steve yet, so i'm holding out hope that it will happen :)
still you feed us lies from the tablecloth.
stomach versus intestines, round 674.
stop the violence and start the revolution-talib
storm clouds and dirty windows
stranded in the burg...someone come save me!!! lol
stress-free... finally
stuck at home doing the same old boring thing...again.
studying in the morning, teaching after noon, then class till 10pm...i feel like my day is backwards
studying...
stuffy nose. grr...
stupid avg, im gona get rid of u wen i upgrade 2 win7
suck on that nadia petrova
suddenly i  am struck with a deep sadness. i dont understend... :c
suggests everyone see harry potter and bruno! both great movies!!!
summer goes so fast!!!
summer heights high. ja'mie, jonah, and mr. g. im hooked on chris lilley.
sunday wasn't quite as awesome, but it was still a good day :p
super excited for: ? dinner tonight w// propname? manicure today ? pole dance workout class tomorrow ? halloween!!
super mingaw kaayu. :c since i have a lot of free time in my hands right now i'm plannin something nice for next year. well i hope (enter name here) finds it nice... heres to hoping. :c
super tired. i have class at 7 and wont be home til around 6. =[[
suppose you were an idiot. and suppose you were a member of congress. but i repeat myself.
sure hopes venture bros. goes into season 5.
surrogates is a really good movie. =]]
sweet tendrils grasp at my breath. enticing wisps of freedom.  euphoria escapes in an exhalation
t is not because the truth is too difficult to see that we make mistakes... we make mistakes because the easiest and most comfortable course for us is to seek insight where it accords with our emotions - especially selfish ones.?propname
t is only too true that a lot of artists are mentally ill- it's a life which, to put it mildly, makes one an outsider. i'm all right when i completely immerse myself in work, but i'll always remain half crazy.?propname
take care of yourself oi,. :d
taking a break from my looong paper
taking a much needed mental health day!
taller tripartito prendas nuevas a la venta.... vestidos, camisas y pantalones! abierto de 11am - 8pm lunes - sabado!
tasty tasty propname
tcif!
technical difficulties.  please standby
techno colored beats
ted nugent is a touch scary, may be an intersting choice for michigan politics...
ten movies to watch right now (and some you can instant netflix) 1. la vie en rose 2. shrink (if you love la) 3. paris je'taime (if you love paris) 3. clay pidgeons ( is priceless) 4. quills 5. away we go 6. sunshine cleaning 7. a league of their own 8. smart people (i heart 's page and sjp) 9. frost//nixon 10. doubt
tengo dem problemas...
thank cthulhu it's frida's day. wilmington, de in the morning and then back to philly.
thank cthulhu it's friday!
thank god for facebook or everyone would have names misspelled on thier cards...
thank god i don't have to see propname ever again!
thank you to everyone that was able to come out for my birthday dinner, and i sincerely appologize to the guys that thought that tapas bar was topless bar...
thank you to everyone who sent me fb love and made my birthday more special than i could ever have imagined. im sooooooo lucky to have so many great souls in my life.
thank you, , for still being on the ballot so that stupid people could vote for you.
thank-you everyone for your bithday wishes, they made me feel truely special
thanks everyone, but i decided to get younger this year... :)
thanks folks.
thanks for the birthday wishes. you guys are awesome.
thanks friends, i had a really special birthday :)
thanks you so much for all the birthday wishes! she had a really amazing time :) xoxo
that is a problem. that is not trusting the nowness properly that what is the actual experience now possesses a lot of powerful things. it is so powerful that we can't face it. therefore, we have to borrow from the past and invite the future all the time. maybe that's why we seek religion. maybe that's why we march in the street. maybe that's why we complain to society. maybe that's why we vote for the presidents.
that noise you  heard at approximately 11:21 est was keith puking.  it might have sounded like a black hole opening, or a monster being stabbed to death, or any number of things, but it was just keith.  the more you know star wipe
that, ladies and gentlemen, was a season opener.
the awakenings project meets propname's!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
the best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter.
the best way to describe  is as an irl troll.
the best ways to get rid of moody mondays, and the past few days of moodiness are to talk to mom, volunteer, talk to propname, watch an amazing episode of dexter, and be thankful for all the blessings in life that are free for the taking :)
the bridge is over?
the connecting flight was delayed yet again by a couple of hours in china, but i will go to bed and sleep for as long as it takes to recover!!
the creative is the place where no one else has ever been. you have to leave the city of your comfort and go into the wilderness of your intuition. what you'll discover will be wonderful. what you'll discover is yourself.     -propname
the deepest principle of human nature is the craving to be appreciated... the flaming urge for the feeling of importance.
the devistation in haiti is heartbreaking, i cannot imagine when they start running out of food and water, and without a sewer system that is going to be hell in that climate...i really hope there is not violence when resources are exahusted
the first week is always the hardest, right? if so, it won't be long before i'm whipped into shape-- i went to the konami gym 5 times this week. :)
the full house home is on the market for 4 mil.  i wonder if being fetured in the show increased its value
the guy next to me getting a mani//pedi tonight reminded me of someone my dad would golf with...kinda reminded me of home until he started singing along with the radio to ace of base, madonna, and cher.  it was so hard not to laugh!! so atlanta!
the heart is a wilderness with beauty and emptiness that you endure 'cause you never can be sure
the internet is soooooo slow. pirmi ko ma dc.
the internet, she is verry lag today. :(
the king of pop is dead, long live the, uh...
the last month of summer vacation has begun.
the lizard known as the tropical thunder, passed on monday night.    he perked up after the leg fix, but he was already too far gone from neglect at the pet store.
the mind of a child is where the revolution begins.
the office, cleaning, and hanging con mi madre are my drugs of choice this evening
the only fear i have, is my failure to adhear his path
the owner of facebook has confirmed that they will send 1 dollar to the rescue fund for the haiti earthquake disaster for every time this is cut and pasted as a status. you only have to leave it up for 1 hour. let's all do it to support thanks ... true or not, it's worth a try.
the queen says no to pot smoking fbi members
the state (on dvd tues)
the volleyball championship was on tv this weekend.  i want to play volleyball :(
the weather is sooo awesome!
the weather needs to not be like this...boooo
the weather suddenly snapped into autumn.
there are battles you fight is silence because you know that speaking up, saying something or doing something. . will probably make you lose...
there be a baker's dozen of turkeys in my backyard
there can be no complaints from the arsenal fans about today's results... wunna get wash off...
there will be no magic mountain fireworks on the 4th. perhaps you guys don't want this independence thingy after all
these bots are taking over...
thesis approved! now can someone give me a job?!
they say loving you gives pains and full of sacrifices but i'll rather take pains and lots of sacrifices than not to be love by you.
things that are irritating: microsoft excel.
thinking of enlisting
thinks gossips talk so much about other people's lives because they must not be too comfortable with their own.
thinks he did alright. not necessarily kicking asterisks and taking case names, but certainly alright.
thinks he may have created a new unit of monetary measure.  the kilopeanut//kilopeanuts   kp//kps for short. use: derogatory.  example: the job pays 35kps.
thinks ice is the best puppy treat ever
thinks it would be quite amusing to see propname get number 1 with the original version of the climb.
thinks it's awesome that he's sitting in his room in a sweater because he left the window open during the day.
thinks oviedo play was awesome (as it should be. sleep, though-- she beckons sweetly with the promise of dreams and pillow-related comfort. night all.
thinks people in straw houses shouldn't blow hot air...or propose a homeowner's insurance public option for that matter.
thinks propname's family law would be better with finger-food, music, strobe lights, and burlesque dancers... and no case briefing. :d
thinks she will keep this as her profile pic until those tan lines fade, if that ever happens.
thinks that chrome has come a long way since the first time he tried it, and has gotten fed up enough with firefox that he's willing to give it another shot.
thinks that no one should be afraid to go to the doctor because they can't afford it, no one should go broke because they get sick, and no one should die because they could not afford care. if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.
thinks this is awesome. http:////www.alternative-energy-news.info//ultra-lightweight-bendable-batteries//
thinks tomorrow with propname, propname, propname, propname, propname ? and propname is gunna be jokes at dancin dragon ;)
thinks tonight was a pretty good night, even if propname is incapable of finding bathrooms in strada
thinks vampire diaries is helping her longing for the next twilight movie be tamed. ooo sooo sexy!  propname is soo much hotter than rp.
thinks whoever decided to schedule a massive apartment building fire next door to our new home at this time of day(5isham) was terribly inconsiderate, no fires until at least breakfast.  off to hose the outside of the house after being up until 2am mortaring the downstairs.
this cat will not leave me alone...
this is my face covered in freckles with the occasional spot and some veins this is my body covered in skin and not all of it you can see and, this, is my mind it goes over and over the same old lines and, this, is my brain it's torturous analytical thoug
this is the last sunday i have to work. yess! weekend getaways here i come...i'm thinking la...
this rain has gotten me down today, that and the fact that my flat iron died...bad hair and i am cranky...at least i can look forward to glee tonight!
this teacher got an apple today - and grapes, strawberries, and cream!
this week is gonna be sooo much funn =]]
thought district 9 was way cool!! funny people sucked...
thought everyone might like to know he was voted biggest nerd out of all the ches...
thoughts meander like a restless wind inside a letter box, they tumble blindly as ...
three flakes and schools are closed tomorrow?  weak
time mag named this decade the worst since wwii.  my only thought is, has there really been enough decades since wwii to be able to clearly desern that this one is the worst?  granted these last ten years have really kinda sucked as far national tragity...but is there a need to call it the worst since wwii?
time to catch up on sleep...goodnight!
time to study...all done tomorrow night! yee!!!!
timos ds en buenos aires..... jardes, warhol, cuero, y m carne!
tired
tired and sick...sick and tired. gr
tired...just like usual
to be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight; and never stop fighting. ~e.e. cummings
to bed early with a splitting headache and goose-egg about two inches wide at the back.
to campus!
to the cities :)
today did suck...propname came home with 40 mega rolls of one ply toilet paper....i am going to be using prison tp until at least easter!
today feels like forever!!!
today i am thankful that i am able to be in michigan with my family.  i am also thankful for my families in michigan and in atlanta.  i am most thankful for everyone i love being healthy today.
today is an off day... thank goodness it's almost over! maybe some gym time at around 7:30 or 8? anyone... anyone?
today is another day. you dont get better by making a right choice once. you get better by making the right choice... everyday... over and over again...
today is my 2 month birthday!
today's goal: wash and put away all the dishes and utensils in casitas 8. oh snap.
tomorrow i officially stop having more fun! eek!
took a long time to come up with a costume, but has decided to be the mad scientist from half life,  crowbar included.
took a personality test, and it said that i'm suitable to be a supervisor.
took my placement test today! i ddi better than i expected.
traffic makes me so angry...but i don't know who to be angry at! grrrr so frustrating!!
transformers watched....
transparent
trying something a little different...bringing in the new yar sober, hopefully it will be a reflection of the year to come! xoxo
trying to decide on some colleges to visit.
trying to pass time with maddie so she can register
turn your lamp down low.
two times in that period,
ug sa dihang wla na koi duty for 3 days. hahaha ma.o na nah akong christmas break.
ugh that propname has the face of a nightmare...ewww
ugh, starting my soc paper all over....this is going  to be a busy day...ugh
ugh. dont feel good again.....ugh
ugh...in a class with mostly 18 year olds, cursing myself for not taking com 1 my freshman year when i could've copied off of someone! damn it...lol
ugh...monday
ugh...mondays
um, across the universe was even better the 2nd time.  would probably be even betterer if one was high i would imagine
um, amy poehler is rocking my world right now. seriously, the bad date rant was hysterical. tivo that shit. and by that shit, i mean parks and recreation.
um, keith is trying to argue with me about tennis. a) he doesn't get tennis b) he doesn't get arguing
um, mother nature . . . i love thunderstorms as much as the next person, but this is the 3rd one today.  could you get your shit together?  thank you.
umm...wtf is wrong with propname?? i ? propname
ummm...ouch...cool cousins christmas makes me worthless once again! best tradition ever!
under the cover of shameful darkness, my now former sister became a fan of michigan football.  because you did not go there, or any of our family for that matter...that makes you, my former sibling, a walmart wolverine...yes i went there!  we will see where your loyalties lie when you need a kidney or a piece of my liver...go nittany lions!!
understoood how it feels when you are rearranging seats in titanic
up early to finish reading the prospector, and will leave soon to practice before working.
up north this weekend. so excited!!! :d
up way too early. agh
update.  after i feel down the stairs last night, i stood up and proceeded to faint at which point keith came out and started slapping me asking if i was ok.  and in my head, i was responding just fine, but was apparently just mumbling to him.  if i wasn't in pain i would laugh :)  also, good to know that he's there for me when i need him
used to like facebook more, but it just is not the same...maybe it is time to change things up...
very close to not having to hear about baseball again for 6 months.  can't wait
very pleased with the konami sports club membership-- a heated pool, running track, machines, weights, free athletic classes and a spa all in one package. :)
very, very sleepy.
viridian, cerulean, saffron, fuchsia, and all that good stuff.
visited the martinu museum.
wahhhh,. di na ko. hurot na jud ako kwarta aning ai. huhuhu
waiting for freinds to come over on this cold and snowy day!
waiting for my new phone to come in this week. =]] sooo excited
walk, then hw
walked around takarazuka and osaka today. :)
walked from s:t eriksplan to gamla stan (after a work-out), around gamla stan, and back via sodermalm//kungsholmen. stockholm is beautiful!!
want's to have my cake and eat it too.  also, a prize hidden in the center.
wants it to be 5 already, seeing houses tonight.
wants rime with lum
wants sleep
wants someone to see my sister's keeper with her!!!!!!!!!
wants the new tokio hotel c.d. =]]
wants to be deaf so he'll have to use sign language so he'll have to communicate more directly.
wants to be like propname and do a monologue of all her thoughts and feelings. if only the audience were up to it. hmmm...
wants to be like the cute old couple on third avenue who sit outside, rain or shine, together happily watching people walk by...
wants to crawl into bed already.
wants to do something fun!!! any ideas??
wants to find a way to san fran after the new year
wants to go see harry p. and would love to go back to sleep, but there is stuff that needs to get done. booo...
wants to go to 2nd saturday right now!!!
wants to know when she became a single 35-year-old lady. tonight i visited a dating site and watched accidentally on purpose and felt for the characters. seriously?!
wants to play beatles rock band or wii resort but can't because keith is watching footloose
wants to pose a question...if you could go back to several times in your life you wish you could do differently would you?
wants to see the season finale of true blood already!
was caught in a downpour while going for a long and pensive walk in the forest. :(
was disappointed that propname was not in the victoria's secret fashion show...girl is my favorite :(
was ejected from the new york state senate, which is good, because he slashed his girlfriend with a knife.
was greatly disappointeed with the disgustingly partisan scriptwriting on law and order last night.
was happy to learn it wasn't a furlough but a scheduling mistake that created the lapse. back to work tomorrow.
was late for her first class this semester, forgot her locker  and combination, bought the wrong book for a class, missed the distribution times for the u-pass, and loves propname.
was late to class as usual... and misses propname (as usual).
was not aware of the streaming video at the eca meeting last night....
was not impressed with gossip girl tonight. it better step it up, or i'm no longer watching
was over baseball april 1.  is it ncaa basketball time yet?
was visited several times at home by cousin propname and family, aunt propname and uncle propname and the kidds. besides this, i am reading books, watching movies such as what women want and trying to organize suitcases for my move to japan on saturday. :)
wasn't disuaded post-media blitz. still thinks taxes are an appropriation of wealth, mandates are backed implicitly with a gun and freedom from want is a condition better reserved for animals and small children.
watched and heard 4 thick branchs near the top of one the pine trees in my backyard snapping under snow weight and taking branches with it.    i saw that, said oh crap, let's go have a look, ran out, look up, realized i was under the remainder and said oh crap, let's go back in.  it's ragnarok!  prepare for the end!
watched the hours today... what a trip.
watching basketball is giving me heartburn...
watching i love lucy
watching speak with pre-twilight propname. love her. so over this week. need some post grad
watching the forgotten . . . i already know i'm going to be pissed off at the end
watching the puppy bowl...i want them all!
watered plants, cleaned gerbil cage, did laundry, washed the dishes. starting on packing  then off to pick up my shoes from the cobbler!
we are drowning in information but starved for knowledge. -propname
we are the world should not, under any circumstances, have auto-tune.  or a rap solo.  or vince vaughn.
we got the house!
we have growth, but at the price of future jobs--all the while paying five times as much for the same car we would've bought later. what else can be done to keep up this facade of recovery? we're already printing more money than ever before. we can't raise taxes without calling it a fee, because dear leader wants to be re-elected. can we still hit the brakes before this public-private hybrid goes into a ditch?
we have to continually be jumping off cliffs and developing our wings on the way down -propname.
we know nothing about their language, their history or what they look like. but we can assume this: they stand for everything we don't stand for. also they told me you guys look like dorks!
we need more long weekends.
we never forget the truth, we only get better at lying to ourselves
we operate by consensus. what if the americans object? we don't operate.
we rule by consensus. what if the americans object? we don't operate.
we take life, we make life and now we must feast for the ones we love
we take life, we make life and now we must feast on the ones we love
we will miss the moos-rubins, but we're looking forward to another great evening at the bowl.
we would shout and swim about// the coral that lies beneath the waves.// oh what joy for every girl and boy// knowing they're happy and they're safe!// we would be so happy, you and me,// no one there to tell us what to do.// i'd like to be under the sea// in an octopus' garden with you. - in memoriam requiescat, pater: august 16, 1962 - april 8, 2006.
we'll miss u so so much propname!
we're supposed to call it h1n1. i refuse to back down to pig farmers.  not today, not ever.
we've all done things that we are ashamed of...if anyone saw kanye on leno tonight well...he's not sooooo bad. :-)
wed,.
weee. kita a ko ug ma ojthan. :d
weeeeeee transformer explosions.
weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 2010!   welcome to the future!
well dish n' dat happy hour was a bad idea :)
well here goes nothing, getting ready for my first day!
well rested after a week of jetlag, taka city concert, various other rehearsals and a yakitori party.
well squats were certainly a good idea right before bed  . . . stupid stairs
well, big ten is looking awsome in the bowls so far, the buck and the kittens gave great show...hopefully msu will follow suit!
well, i didnt see that coming...
well, i think he has the flu, but it is basically impossible to tell if he has the swine flu
well, if i dont root for the colts i am pretty sure that propname will never talk to me again, and  we need him at trivia for sports questions, so go colts!
well, it's 1:00.  i've had drinks.  and need to be at work far too soon.  in other words, great night.  happy birthday thom :)
well, that was just about the longest 4 months and shortest 3 hours of my entire life. same time next year, i hope.
well, that wasnt so bad, now i have to wait and see...
well, this year has to be better then the last...
went to a bridal expo this weekend with propname.  we are so damn giddy about getting married.  being sick has never been so good. ;)
went to propname's house (brother) for cedar-smoked walleye, yummy salad and potatoes, white wine and to see the international fireworks competition display-- tonight was a great presentation by china. :)
went to riot fest this weekend with propname!
went to the natural science museum and imax theatre today. :)
westbound on the mass pike you see signs for springfield and albany; almost like being in oregon.
whaaaat? i actually liked avatar?
what do propname and the miami dolphins have in common? they make 70,000 people stand up and yell jesus christ...
what doesnt kill me will make me stronger...
what happened to my 2009? where the heck did it go?
what i didn't want: more characters on heroes.
what in god's name happened to cnn.com?
what is a gamora party??
what is everyone doing tonight?? i'm so bored.....
what is going on with this bowl game?  i thought that msu losing 20% of thier players was bad...now texas tech coach scandle?   if you were going to toss a kid in the closet...would you chose the one whose dad is on tv everynight??  bad call dude!
what is this world coming to when a complete ahole douchebag like propname is making an apolgy tour, but still as not called the girl to personally say i am sorry?  this is the role models for kids?  in a realted note, we will be out of the recession when the americans who want to work can, not one moment before...i am feeling feisty today...
what makes propname so special!!  he is a quitter!  watch out propname...
what the french is this tsunami business about!?!?
what the fuck, steelers?
what what! the leaves are a turnin' yellow! i hold the power of the button that lets people in the door..mwawaahh haha
what's brown and rhymes with snoop? dr. dre? fuck you, carl.
when all i want is something different and you couldn't give it to me... and all you do is lie to me.
when doing your christmas cards, take one or more and send it to this address: a recovering american soldier c//o propname army medical center 6900 georgia avenue nw; washington, d.c. 20307. if we pass this on, think of how many cards these wonderful special people would get. pass this on to all your friends. (just copy and paste to your wall)
when i give food to the poor, they call me a saint.  when i ask why the poor have no food, they call me a communist.-
when i have my own classroom, i will have a giant no whining sign on the wall and every time a kid whines i'm just gonna point to it
when you've hidden an application in your news feed, is there anyway to bring it back?
where the wild things are should have been called where the sucky ass movie is
which mustache?!?!
while slogging along in the swamp, dragonianus came upon a strange looking patch of wet sand.   dragonianus made a wisdom check with a difficulty of 9 . . . and rolled 16   recognizing it immediately as quicksand, dragonianus decided to take an alternate route. it meant more walking but a lot less dying.
whitney museum.... media biblioteca... mana moma, union square...
who called me today and left a voicemail?
who does that motherfucker think he is!!! ajkjsgksjgewl
who wants a free tv? please just come and take it!!!
who wants free stuff? the more i get rid of, the less i have to move. dresser? coat rack? shelves? desk? bathroom stereo? really people, you're doing me a favor by just taking it.
whoa, an a in 11 ap english... well, i'm content now.
whoa, ok, that was more emo than i had intended.  sorry to get you guys worried.  full details upcoming.
whom that i know and have not seen in agesss lives in ny city???? flying in this coming saturday and shall be staying for a week!! :)
why are my clothes disappearing!!!! =(
why are people from new jersey so proud of being from new jersey?
why do i choose to embarrass myself every chance i get? ugh.
why do some peoples parents take everything out on their kids. it's so stupid and ugghh!!
why do they always send the poor?
why do three people that do not know eachother have pants on the ground in their updates?  am i missing something?
why do you insist that the human genetic code is sacred or taboo? it is a chemical process and nothing more. for that matter -we- are chemical processes and nothing more. if you deny yourself a useful tool simply because it reminds you uncomfortably of your mortality, you have uselessly and pointlessly crippled yourself. chairman , looking god in the eye
why does everyone think the rain is time to play or walk extremely slow with their heads down....wtf!
why does netflix need me to have at least 6 dvds in my queue? i think 5 is quite enough, thank you gluttonous 'merica.
why is it impossible to sit in the tub with the shower on and not feel emo?
why is propname's new hair news?
why the hell am i still awake
will be at her women's law class tonight - it's always a fun one!
will be hosting propname for a seminar in january!  woo!
will be in a dress rehearsal tonight in preparation for the btad concerts with musica vitae. :)
will be in sj as of tonight! he'll be in town till saturday morning so call him and rescue him from the boredom that is his house.
will be up very late so she can ride with her dad to the airport to pick up her mamacita from a (as of now) 11:20 pm landing in from illinois.
will concede health care is a moral issue when the same proponents acknowledge abortion is immoral.
will have a miracle if he gets an 80 on today's midterm.
will miss stadler.
will not be going on the fall 2009 semester at sea voyage. doctor's orders. i have never been so devastated in my entire life...
will play company of heroes. : )
wine + cheese + teebow's tears == fun
winter break, be here already!
wishes for more time to do homework... so much reading, so little time.
wishes he had an actual bed (or even a mattress).  it'd make dealing with these suspiciously-flu-like symptoms easier.
wishes life weren't so gray-scale... there are things i fear that excite me, things i want that i'm not sure i want, things i'm doing that i wish i were not, things i should be doing that i dread, and things that i want to put off but can't wait to get over with.  wth life, how about giving me 2+2 instead of [x^3-x^2]//[(x^2+9)^3dx]?
wishes she was moving on up in the world. but at least she has ja'mie to get her through it.
wishes she weren't ticklish sometimes. right now, though, is not one of those times. :)
wishing away my weekend so i can watch monday night football!
wishing it were friday.
wishing the rain would turn to snow for christmas!
wla man siya narparamdam. ka mingaw sa cell. :c
wla na koi kwarta
woke up at 2:30pm today...guess i needed some sleep :)
woke up in a lot of pain and then hit the morphine button like 6 times... pain's not totally gone but at least its subsided a little
wonders if serfs living under a nationalized health care scheme lead healthier lifestyles mostly for fear of becoming sick//injured and having to throw themselves at the mercy of its poor services.
wonders which is more inappropriate; heckling during a presidential address to congress or the president himself calling a private citizen a jackass.
wonders why more people don't say twenty ten
wonders why no one ever followed up on propname's pledge to eat the cra.
wonders, what's the use of having a bulwark against cloture if you can't exercise party discipline anyway.
wonders, with all this righteous indignation over a terrorist assassination program and change in tactics from pursuing the taliban to protecting the population, when did this stop being a war?
woo hoo friday!
woo-hoo!  on to indy!  anyone care to place an over//under on how long it'll take for some sportswriter to mention namath or super bowl iii?
woo. new glasses will be ready next week!
woot. one craigslist adventure down; one to go!
work work work
working out, practicing, packing....
would appreciate if his intestines would agree to parley and come to an amicable arrangment with his stomach.   they've had a war going for a few weeks now.
would be perfectly content if forever was here.
would like the world to know that this next week he intends to be awesome and fix all of his problems.
would like to thank everyone for the birthday wishes.  it was a very tame, but very nice birthday.   also, i'd like to recommend ninja assassin, everything that is good about ninja with excellent choreography.
would like to thank everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes... it's quite pleasant to be harrassed by facebook 1 day a year ;)
would you like me to give you a formula for success? it quite simple, really. double your rate of failure. you are thinking of failure as the enemy of success. but it isn at all. you can be discouraged by failure or you can learn from it, so go ahead and make mistakes. make all you can. because remember that where you will find success. ?propname
wow i am really in a funk...i had no idea propname was fired! i knew it was most likely going to be his last season, but i hardly ever miss stuff like that
wow new orleans.
wow! that was a really spicy lunch in tersund! time to walk it off.... ;)
wow, campus eye doctor is really fast. go umass!
wow, i'm stupid - i can't count in monthly increments. i actually have one more month to complete this f____ thesis!!!
wow, nothing like losing to a mac team to make me cry...i would like to thank pete for ruining the game for me as well...jurk...
wow...i should have watched more baseball this year...the twins are playing really well...crap...
wowo rage is number 1 xd
wowza running tomorrow morning supa early
yankees woooo
yay got my new laptop :) aww but now im pretty skint :(
yay halloween party.  i have my crazy hair, lab coat & crowbar. that and my crazy jello molds and i'm all set.   (pictures later.)
yay!!! got my new phone!!! holler!!!!
yay... beethoven is over!
yea merry x-mas everi1! <3 u!
yeah buddy! cowboys!
yesterday was not a very good day.
yoga cures nearly everything that ails.
you are the fucking best. =)
you can not have my blood
you can't always get what you want. but if you try, sometimes you'll find what you need. -rolling stones
you can't blame mad scientists for doing mad science
you don't need no reason nor a three peice suit to argue the truth
you know that feeling you get when you're running a marathon and the endorphins finally kick in...
you weren't kidding, propname.
you would think by now i would have learned to not answer the door, when insomnia knocks
you're wicked overseer
yuppie (short for young urban professional or young upwardly-mobile professional) [1] is a 1980s and early 1990s term for financially secure, upper-middle class young people in their 20s and early 30s.  [2]. although its first usage was as a media catchphrase, it eventually became somewhat derogatory in nature.
