, i saw bmw accident with nissan sunny around expo this morn b4 service, nissan seemed to get damage less. bmw no airbags came out, nissan airbags out. bmw passengers got injury... i know cos bmw driver dad's cell group friend... so... drive safe... =)
, pls help tell the fyp ppl to check email for their photoshoot timing. thanks.
, unexpectedly, really enjoys waking up insanely early to work.
. the spice of life. apparently its one of my signature strengths ). how can i help make your life more adventurous today? thank you, lord, for making me salt and light.
... is leaving today to have an adventure...i miss her already.
...according to my personality profile my ideal partner is an istj...interesting
...fighting the flu with clementines. i carry them everywhere and when someone coughs//sneezes without covering their face wack i smack them with one and it works like a charm op
...getting some readings done for class. work and class demain.
...gone to bed with ' red dragon
...gonna move from blogger to wordpress soon...
...heading to the gym with ,  and my sista!!
...hopes that canada sends some help to port-au-prince haiti today
...is hating this job...
...just starting to get windy//rainy in halifax, making eggs and coffee just in case the power goes!
...life sucks...but god is still good...
...loves posting pictures and playing who do my nieces look most like working, then home to finish my paper and study
...makin' supper then laundry and a little homework
...moved. now at wordpress...
...my doctor says i have a cute virusr something like that bahahahaha no h1n1 hereet! bath, lots of liquids and i might even take a nap. need to get better for date night with  tomorrow!
...my kingdom for a back! lol  is full of olympians from every country atched the turkish team check in last night o) ethnic men are beautiful!! o)
...no vaccine for me today o(  uurrg i wonder if i could fake being pregnant to get in line? bahahaha probably not op hopefully i can get the vaccine soon....friggin asthma!!!
...plans for taking off on tuesday...
...well i never knew i had a sister named ?!?!?!?! bahahahaha  you made me laugh even though you were not here!!
...when the printer broke at work today, who do you think was asked to stand and manually feed the paper tray one sheet at a time? fml...university education, peer mediation//drug//suicide intervention training, international coordinating experience...i am a paper tray bahahahahaha! (work until 1pm then class until 7:30pm)
...when will the gss end? is bose headphone part of the gss? wanna get one with my pay...when i get my pay...
...work, class and gym tonight!
1  week left to complete the project... few more features to be implemented... =)
1 down. 17 more to go then we finally get to sleep more than 4 hours a day.
14 more days... gotta persevere...
14 more days... ogre will be slaughtered first!
1st semester as a d1 is officially done!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2 classes down...one essay to go. almost done for the semester!
2 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2 months of hell yet again... fml
2 sleepovers in 2 days - both amazin but am now shattered p good times d
2-3 times overhead with occasional 18 ft.and fair to good conditions.
2010
24 hours without the kids -- i miss my babies!
3 days in a row of super fun surf!!!... should prob work sometime this week.
3 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3 hours left!!!!!!!!!!
32 days til the state fair!  you better believe i have a count down going!!
5 days, until i leave waco forever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
6am on a saturday is far to early to drag one's self out of bed...ugh, god thank you for this morning..even though i'd like to be sleeping it away...it really is a beautiful morning )
87 pets on ffs... lol...
9 days in my two favorite states starts tomorrow)
9 inches -)
<3 boarding at the beach )!
<3 scotch tasting
@ m level 4 photo studio now...
@work until 1:00pm them home to write a paper and study for my first exam!!
@work until 1:00pm them home to write a paper and study for my first exam!! (too busy for life and facebook this week)
@work, then home to study and clean.
a bar with bright pink walls and mounted deer head...and i got a rose from elvis.  absolutely wonderful night!
a good friend passed away suddenly this morning. keeping her in my thoughts.
a porn star just asked to move into our house...
a prospering tree does not eat it's own fruit. a prospering tree produces fruit that others might eat.
a reggae band covering one of the best beatles albums?!?!  my life is now complete)
a storm's abrewin'! snow is starting to stick....
a third of a chicken of a bobcat?  hmm.. yes, .
a very happy girl!
abburido...
about to make a triple layer chocolate mousse torte for tomorrow )
accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart.
accidentally rescued another animal from t&d's...
achievement unlocked death wish
actually excited to be up this early!
adores this week of seeing all her super talented musician friends play! you all impress the hell out of me.
afi out today. yay
after a crazy week of travelling finally back in ca.
after along sleepless week, i am pulling my old man card and going to bed before 1200 on a friday nights. now if i can just find my dentures and cane
after months of procrastinating, i am finally  watching the last season of battlestar galactica
after this week the move will finally be at an end thank you sweet jesus
ah, nothing in the world is as beautiful as fresh music.
ahh it is so nice when i am soo productive...
ahhhh!! what is this strange white stuff coming from the sky?!
ahhhh!!!! my poor shins (
ahhhhh... restless.
ahhhhhhh!!!!!!! exam 2moz!!!!!! o
all great deeds and all great thoughts have a ridiculous beginning. great works are often born on a street corner or in a restaurant's revolving door.
all these weirdos, and me getting a little better every day...i had never known...that there might be a place for people like us--
allen's mackintosh toffee de luxe coconut lollies r good!!!!!!!!! <3
allergy season for  is commencing...  hackhackhack   p   i'm not contagious, promise!
allergy specialist wednesday so i cannot take reactine for a few days rying not to scratch! bed soon, work tomorrow.
alligators twice, solders once.
almost done with my semester!!
almost killed herself with a kettlebell!
already sleepy time again...  i blame lunch from bread store.
always gets the studliest pets.
always provided that his testemonye of joy be careful done without any danger or disorder'.
amadeus is quite possibly the most perfectly made movie ever...  director's cut bits add even more to the perfection.
an awakening? lord awaken the sleeper. let our eyes burst open to the rising light of your spirit. let your mercy wash us and let your holiness mold us into the image of your son. break us with fire and build us from the ashes. come to life you dry, old b
an awakening? lord awaken the sleeper. let our eyes burst open to the rising light of your spirit. let your mercy wash us and let your holiness mold us into the image of your son. break us with fire and build us from the ashes. come to life you dry, old b
and i unpacked, cleaned//organized our home o) now we have clutter-free space and even our kitchen looks bigger! wait until you get home shelly-bean and see our neat place o)
and now for somethign completely different
and with the onset of autumn comes the autumn cold. fml
and you run and you run to catch up with the sun but it's sinking.               racing around to come up behind you again.               the sun is the same in a relative way but you're older.               shorter of breath and one day closer to death.
another adventurous night with the natives...going to holland this time!!!
another film review already? well, it was a three day weekend. http////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-gainesville-film-industry-examiner~y2010m1d18-the-imaginarium-of-dr-parnussus
any one have any clue as to what the new novelty fried fair food is going to be this year???  what was at the oc county fair?  i'm plotting my plan of attack at the state fair...  ;)
anyone (ahem dermot o'deady, ) want to rock band 2nite? hollatcha girl.
anyone have any good vocab tricks for memorizing gre words?!!!! or stuff they can email me?
anyone have extra tickets to the rise against show?
anyone know a good place for me to kennel my dog for thanksgiving// willing to dogsit?
anyone know anything about nis scholarships? can explain more to me? haha...
anyone know of a place where i can take a condensed organic chem class??
anyone wanna join me, renee and chaz at the bar tonight?
anyone wanna surf in the am.... after 10???????!
apparently applied to law school at depaul today...at least that's what they tell me...
apparently my fb account emailed a bunch of people malware. if you received a facebook email from me with a  one line response and link to a website please disregard it and delete it
applying for grad school... sucks balls.
appreciates all the kind birthday wishes, via facebook and various other forms of communication.  thanks!
appreciates this special time of year when you're a misfit if you don't dress & behave like a freak )
apt = clean.  now, coffee and barbri!
argh.
arrrr!!!!!!!!!!! my only day off and no surf.
arrrrrrrr why did they cancel trauma!?
art show! someone might mistake us  being sophisticated
as long as i'm alive, i'd die for you. thank you lord for your love and your awakening it within me.
as much as i like our family's mechanic, i really wish we'd stop giving him so much business... (
as of yesterday i am officially out of the moon boot!!!!
as soon as i manage to sit down and start being productive,  and  have to start being cuter than ever and that bottle of red on the counter has to start being sexier than ever...
as the laziest man on earth, moving makes me sad.
as we get older every day feels longer and although i know i'll struggle i will do my best to never get tired.
at long last, resuming my love affair with my favorite sexy serial killer d
at rue
at the beach... then work. priorities.
at work until 6pm then repotting two orchids.
at work until 6pm...great day! excited that my  and  might be planning a trip...now to wait until november lol.
attempting these writing samples, a.k.a., trying to balance on that fine line between  creative nonfiction & academic journal article... tricky business.
attempting to finish this 10 page paper...
attempting to leave my body for a bit.
attention-houston area animal lovers! montgomery county animal shelter is closing tomorrow. you can adopt for free tomorrow between 12-4. they will be euthanizing all animals without a home!!! go & save a life!! 30 cats and 80 dogs left. please re-post.
avatar makes me proud to be a biologist.
away to work, hope it aint to hot x
away to work, still dina feel right but never mind.
awesome way to start the week...not
back at the petaluma palace
back from magical nappy-noo land. man did i need it.
back in cal woo hoo!
back in the habit
back like a sequel. i take a look at the career of  in honor of his visit to uf this tuesday. http////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-gainesville-film-industry-examiner~y2009m11d8-brett-ratner-aka-boring-guy
back to school. on the path to becoming a physician assistant.
back to work again... =) working is good... haha...
back to work tomorrow. if i can remember where i work and what i did for work before the year ended.
bar tonight?  anyone want to join me??
bar...
barley sugars taste good!!!!!!!
be content to seem what you really are.
beam me up scotty!
because you, oh lord, are he who created all things, sustains all things, and knows all things. all things came from you, are of you, and will return unto your breast from whence they came. blessing and honor and glory to you, oh father. this is the song of my spirit...praising its origin. you. my god.
bed, bed, bed, work tomorrow.
bee stings itch
been for a nice long walk, feeling gooood!
beestings still itch like its going out of style. docta says i need a beeiotomy
being on a diet means i have to eat such strange things as fruit and vegetables, who would have thought?
being sick is not enjoyable...seriously
being sick is the cooolest.
best boss's lunch ever!
best newly discovered unhealthy snack disguised as a healthy one yogurt-covered raisins  d
best surf in a while. cant stop smiling. whos going tomorrow?
best week of surf, worst week for the company. dunno how to feel bout that.
best wishes to everyone going back to school today
better ace my exam considering i missed the best day of surfing in a long ass time!!!! so mad right now.
beyond mountains there are mountains. - haitian proverb
bills for my grill
black
bloody macs do my head in!!!!
boise idaho or bust
boise, idaho day 2. where there is hope, there is potatoes
boise, idaho day 3. french fries are happiness deep-fried
bored and over reading about emergency medicine... this shit can be depressing as hell!!!!
bout to surf under the golden gate!... before the surf is too huge. hi erik. im sitting next to you; wanna get breakfast?
breaking the intarnetz
breaking the internet
bring back the double feature and find out how by reading my latest article. http////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-gainesville-film-industry-examiner~y2009m10d30-double-feature
bring on this semester ) what fun things will i learn?? only god knows ) ..someone's always missing from this campus though.. last term without her...sigh
bruno anyone?
bubbles n apple 2gether again woop d
burr, burr i am not ready for the cold...why can't i acclimatize! i need to start cold weather training in july lol.
buying my flight to hawaii... yes, that is right brian. 7 days. that translates to getting a job as a cabana boy and never coming back to the mainland.
bye ppl! spt has again been amaze n cant wait till next year! especially bye to , , , n  - though im sure ill see u all again at some point! have a great holiday!!! xxxx
c'mon ducks! kill it! i wanna do you
c'mon! couldnt there be a little surf on my one day off!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
cabin fever.
cage match nyquil versus summer cold. one night only! who will be victorious?
can  hurry up and prove me right already?
can decided whether to be on the usa side or the can side for hockey??? leaning canada....
can forget that even small things leave a big wake.
can i just observe crows?
can smell school approching
can't lie. he misses gainesville, everyone in it and can't wait to get back.
can't wait for noon-thirty on thursday!
can't wait to head outtt
can't wait to live at the lake!!! d
can't wait to meet the tiny new ! happy 0th!!
can't wait to see alissa joy goetz tonight)
can't wait to sleep forever.
cannot believe it is wednesday already!
cannot believe the court is allowing the press to publish photos of mj's kids....
cannot find episode 13 season 1 of mad men!!! what the frick internet!
cannot focus on my exam!!!!!
cannot wait to see  today!
canoeing during a severe thunderstorm with hail...not a good idea.
cant believe the ducks traded pronger! morons.
celebrated dusk with the bats of
check out my review of pirate radio. http////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-gainesville-film-industry-examiner~y2009m11d16-pirate-radio
check out what i've got written for the book of . http////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-gainesville-film-industry-examiner~y2010m1d17-the-book-of-eli
cheer up emo kid
cheese fries!
cheesecake turned out amazing! almost as fun to eat as it was to make )
chemistry is like being punched in the brain.
chia-like, i shall grow.
chocolate cake smells good!!!!!
class 8am - 5pm! snap son.
classes, maybe a movie with the twinnies after classes
cleaning, studying and then some laundry...i <3  fridays op
cmon weekend! good shit on the way. ooo oooooo.
cnt sleep
cold but sunny here in the mountains
cold chillin', cold chillin'
cold weather, lack of sunshine and fog all breed pestilence... everything seems to be taking a quick swing at me too -- never taking up residence (knock on wood), but slowly trying to knock me out with a few quick jabs and sucker punches.
come on, somebody tell me how everyone's getting these symbols on fb. this is just too much.  hey guess what else? 199 pages.  got-to-crank-out-one-more...
come one come all  and  are playing britfest in truckee. its a guaranteed good time!
comes with a dipping sauce.
coming up, it's man vs. wild, followed by frying human meat putting on spices and saving it with maggots at 900. gotta love bridget.
community health promotion exam tomorrow...bed soon, then i can start thinking about it being almost the holidays :o)
compassion alone stands apart from the continuous traffic between good and evil proceeding within us.
computer's broken ( worrying about how many important files i may lose. in brighter news, walked my rabbit around the neighborhood on a leash today.
congrats to the newly weds!
congratulations to all of my friends, especially , who passed the lousiana bar, and for those of you who didn't, i'll be taking barbri this february...so we can study together like old times!
cooking ?? + ????! >?<
couldn't find wire strippers so is just using shop scissors. bam.
counting down the days till nola!
currently addicted to the latest wilco album
dad & i just took the kayaks out on the lake in a torrential downpour//thunder & lightning storm (father knows best)... no beavers, but lots of migrating black & velvet scoters )
damnit ducks!!! win something!!!
day of phone dates with trappers & furbearer biologists... ooh baby!
dc friends giant snowball fight//snow kickball on the mall tomorrow, 3pm. there will be other snowball fights, but i will not be at them. so you should come to this one! )
dear chicago, what should i do when i miss you so much? '(
dear iowa winter, you win.
dear jets, your defense ain't shit.  is a cry baby who got showed up by . you can't touch miami. stop debating it.
dear rain, i have a wonderful day of boating and friends ahead of me so please go away... sincerely, barb
dedicate yourself to the good you deserve and desire for yourself. give yourself peace of mind. you deserve to be happy. you deserve delight.
denver tried to keep me.
depression... day before 26. lame
det people doing modules. take note... photoshoot is on tues. get your black top ready! (
det photoshoot today! wear black top... =d can start thinking of a pose for your fun shot.
devising ways to oust the old tenant out of my new place.  not too happy that he's choosing to take another week to move out.  >p
dexter is so money
did anyone see  &  this week on dancing with the stars?  whew...now, that's what i call dirty dancing!
didn't get fired, got laid off. didn't get fired, got laid off.
didn't know it was the forest spirit that made the plants grow.
dinner with !
do i party too much or do i not party enough?
do you do the air glock or air shotgun when you hear that song? i do the air glock?that's just my style. 105.3 dj at the end of mia's paper planes
doctor says i need a backiotomy from all this moving
does anyone else feel 'frustration' in their lower spinal cord, or is my physiology whack?
does it count as a new years resolutiion to resolve to watch every episode of a tv series?
does it really take cancer or death to bring us to have a heart for our family? really? lord, at this rate, it'll take you coming on the clouds, blowing our minds and shaking us from our complacent lives...complacent in the daily grind. complacent in our justifiable self-pity. complacent in our self-centeredness. it'll take you to show us how wrong we all are.
does not enjoy the idea of writing an essay at all (
does not know if her english essay is due 2moz or monday...
does not think its fair we have 2 go back 2 school n friday!
doesn't actually condone vigilante justice...i really shouldn't skip lunch anymore...
doesn't get the point of minus grades. they're only there to make my transcript less glamorous.
doesn't know what she would do without the comptons. or how she got so lucky to have them as friends. <3!
doesnt think you're beatiful she thinks you're beyond it.
doing the walk through with the landlord today. an epic battle of wills commences
doing two shows this week. tuesday night at 9pm at 1982 and thursday night at 9pm at the clarion inn.
don's taking a fork-lift test tomorrow to see if he qualifies to bump back in - keep those fingers crossed!
don't let jesus push on her table leg.
down in aberdeen da noo seeing my oldest then ireland on monday yeah!!!!!!!
dragons ignored human names when they didnt't like the bearer.
dreams of faraway places basically all the time now...
dreamt about nonja all night.
drink em if ya got em. its the big one today
driving to the lbc.
drove over 250miles throughout la!! just for work orders today. sick.
dude, get with the program.
dude, i'm freaking engaged! to the sweetest angel of a fiance ever! thank you lord for your love through this woman d
dude, its freaking snowing!!!!! yay!!!! let's play in it!
dugout bar tonight. live it.love it.
dyslexia for cure discovered.
ears are being blown out by two trombone players... sure, they're classically trained and playing holst's mars, the bringer of war, but it hurts.  p
earthquake!!!!
eatin out of date chicken n out of date cucumber  s  oh dear
ell is empty and all the devils are here.?shakespeare
emt exam has got me stressssssssing!!!!! ahhhhhhhh. too much crap
enjoyed looking at 110,000 pianos with  yesterday )
enjoying this beautiful sunday in audubon park!
enjoys reading 's facebook status updates.
enjoys teasing barred owls.
even though yesterday's laborious morning of shoveling would appear to be in vain, i don't have to teach any labs today! asante sana, rafiki yangu snow )
ever since the day i was born i've been deciding the end... let your light guide my way, oh lord. you are the great shepherd.
everlasting, eternal one, zealous conqueror, creator, sustainer, almighty...how can i appeal to your highest pleasure. what can i bring to you that you do not already have? vanity. even to define my mission as one to bring you glory is utter foolishness. what can i lift up with these dirty hands? what can i sing with defiled lips?
everybody has a price.
everyone has their own anodyne
everyone should listen to funhouse...best record i've heard in a long time!
everything isn't always perfect.
everywhere and messy!
exact words when renewing dl me oh no, you can't take my license, it's my 25th b-day. how am i going to get into the bar? dmv we gonna give you a new one over there me but, it won't have my picture and stuff on it.  dmv  hold up, we can take a picture of your picture and put it on a license i think. (yelling at co-worker to see if this can be done) yup! me so, i can go to the bar?! dmv (sigh) yeah girl!
excited about seeing the nutcracker tomorrow )
excited for the wilco show tomorrow!
excited to see  and  tonight, run , and see the weight fall off my butt!
excited to see that every stock in her portfolio outperformed market expectations!
exciting saturday plans write a literature review, study for my midterm tuesday, grocery shopping, cleaning our apartment and maybe some late night laundry o)
f.m.l. busy and stressed this week idterms, assignments, papers, and working overtime for open househen i finish school i am running away to hawaii and becoming an illegal immigrant
facebook developers, i feel that the new layout needs a shortcut to applications from every site. probably a button for applications on the top bar?
facebook experiment- if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops in your head. when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you!
facebook is all changed - i swear it wasnt that long ago i came on here!
facebook stalking = falking!!! hahaha i love you angie!
faith 4-1 dinner 19th sep, meet @ dhoby ghaut - 530pm. sms  to rsvp. exclusive to my faithfourone batch only. =d
feeling musle tiredness from standing almost a whole day @ tgx...
feeling slightly better...
feels like sleepin all the way to monday
feliz navidad!! xxx
fell off the couch last night and fractured the bone just above her right elbow so we spent most of the night in the er and most of this afternoon at the orthopedics office before bringing her home in a pretty purple cast for christmas
fighting the good fight or at least trying
final emt exam and skill exam this week!!! eeeeek.
finally done!!!
finally feeling somewhat moved in. it might be a miracle folks!
finally found the chem class that i need!!! its in oakland... just enrolled and get to move back to berkeley!!!!!!!!
finally going to get the car washed tomorrow!
finally has 666 devilish friends. now what to do with them all?
finally has snow of her own <3.
finally, one outline completely down...only 3 to go - and a long way to go at that. next semester will be different, really!
finally...the inspection is over and the house looks awesome!
finance class (
finds it funny to fit her whole life in such little, little boxes. is 'funny' the right word?
finds it hard to understand some american reactions about health care reformhey seem so he end is herelaundry, chatting to mom and giving some tlc to my orchids
finished her last presentation tonight!!! now two exams tomorrow morning...on the bright side one of them is human sexuality :od i am a total erotophile and proud of it :op
finished most of the mocap cleanup... dunno if it looks wierd... should i capture again?
finishing two work orders today then camping tonight and surfing alllll day tomorrow! holler!
first 5 down, 175 more to go...
first day done) yippee!
first day in the er tomorrow. intense!
first snow in the city and i was out in the snow~!!! .........alone.
first there was tiger; then tigger; and now lust.  the alphabet soup of federal bureaucrats never ceases to amuse me.  and how ironic lust stands for so-not-sexy leaking underground storage tanks.
flagstaff for the weekend)
flew a kite with her feet today and it was 100% awesome.
flirt with disease i'm concerned with hiv keep health and hygiene a secret from you and me see her name and life behind a scene of fiends she wants to be famous overnight but this her eulogy
fly in vaseline (
fn bored!!! hi east bay!! where are my old friends??? im hanging out with a chem book all day. and to make things worse, there are no waves anywhere... losing my mind.
for those who haven't seen it yet, i've got a new stand up video up. thanks for all the support. http////www.youtube.com//watch?v=4kumpozou4c
forgot the most important paperwork for tomorrow in la!!! @!@!r%!!!!
found scorpius!
found the wikipedia article on common sense vandalized; her epistemic foundation is cracked.
framed roger rabbit
freakin beat and super hungry.
frick! my chem class is filled up already and i need it or the next two years of my life is messed up!!!!!
friday afternoon catatonia
friday i'm in love
friday why do you come on so strong?
from the my family is ridiculously awesome department, my sister leaves for haiti today. !!!! be careful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! also, tell  i say hi.
frustrated and need motivation!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
fuck the pro bowl, going to see the rumble royal.
fullllll tooo  bindassssssssssssssssssssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ge = finally recovering...thank you jesus!
geaux saints!
gets to sleep tonight!!!!!!!!!
gettin ready for tommorrow!
getting down with the sickness  (
getting her bar application together...yes, it's that time of year again!
getting letters of recommendation is a stress.
getting off work at 6:00pm, walmart then harry potter@9:40pm with the twinnies!!!!
getting ready for . bought enough non-perishable food for three days. flashlight//batteries. check. first-aid kit. check. bottling some water. check. old towels, in case windows leak. check. today laundry, cleaning and making sure nothing important is on the floor.
getting ready for nyc
getting ready for the storm to hit cape breton...shuttle tomorrow to halifax (i hope)
gi jooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooe!
giants game tonight
gimme your eyes for just one second. gimme your eyes so i can see. everything that i keep missin, gimme your love for humanity. gimme your arms for the broken-hearted, the ones that are far beyond my reach...
girls sitting next to me at the coffee shop are discussing std's loudly...wonderful.
glad i got the flu vaccination. 30 to feel like i have the flu. well spent.
go hawkeyes!
go hawks! ranked 9th!
go hawks!!! survived the cold and pulled out a win!
go heels!
go iowa!
god is faithful to his word and to those to whom he has given it
god, i love the onion.
going home frrrriiiday! wooo whoo!
going on an adventure...to kalamazoo!!!  bitches are jealous!
going out for the first time in a loong time and my only chance for a long time.
going out with my man to see a play!!  nachofest tomorrrow!!!!
going out with the other interns and renee?  tonight is going to be an interesting night...
going through everyone's status messages from last night... yeah, so maybe i didn't do anything sexy or fun but i was at an event so >p
going to  to take down the la bar and hoping she doesn't become a bad statistic!
going to have to severely restrain my impulse to gallop around the state fair, squealing at the top of my lungs with glee.  d
going to laughlin???
going to nc tonight! wish i was gonna make it for volleyball but if anyone is up for drinking after i just might be there....
going to see inglourious basterds with the boy...
going to surf, eat no ka oi, then work.
going to the afi rise against show tonight.  i have 2 extra tickets call me if you wanna buy them 714 612 0723.
going up to the halls of the mountain king to see if he has any turkey to offer. happy turkey day to all of you out there in the interwebs )
golfing! fore!
gone to 's!!!
gone to charlotte for new years!
gonna be sleeping soon... for tomorrow, i needa chiong my project. =)
gonna try need for speed shift on psp...
gonna try to re-setup physx and add in nxogre on my com tomorrow... roar!!!
good bye el...until sunday!!
good times in the mountains. now i return to do battle with the nefarious arch-villain monday
good times up in the northern reaches. hoping everyone is still intact from santarchy
good to see tahoe kids pulling some medals. congrats !
goodbye el...see you tomorrow
goooo tarheels!
goooo tarheels)
gosh darn it!!!! i just saw a group of 5 jehovah witnesses outside my neighbor's house!! that means they are on the way to my house! they saw me get something from my car so they know im home; now im going to have to argue with them.
got a bronze medal for the mps run!
got a job interview the morn and didna find out about it till the day!! oh well less time to stress about it -)
got a literal ant in her pants!!!!!!!!!!!! (it bit her omg?!?!?!!)
got crazy studying for the midterm.
got old within last few days and will probably get deteriorated by the end of final exams.
got to hold a woodcock this weekend! sweet like bee saliva )
got to play with fire in front of a crowd... yay!!!
gotta love it when they seal the floors in the building and there is no ventilation. i predict general sleepiness and permanent brain damage by noon
grand canyon, here i come!
grand slam d !!!!
great time at the gym, thanks ladies and ! to bed to sleep, to sleep to dream...
great victory over the cold
grilling and good beer. a pretty awesome way to spend a saturday night
growing up is weird.
grows less responsible with time.
grrrr bloody personal statement - have spent about 4 hours on it now n still have to get rid of 3 lines - its takin just as long to delete parts as it did to write the whole thing ( (
grumpy mcgrumperson
guess what? fo yo birfday, instead of diamonds or flowers or any kindza real gift, you get my penis!
gym=the hurt
gypsies have carried the furniture off into the night
had 3 different dreams of being stalked by big cats last night. what's the symbolic meaning there?
had a great birthday dinner at carraba's with family -)
had a great night out at blues festival! hopefully i wont leave it a year again for my next night out.
had a great time seeing everyone at ocb today!
had a great weekend thanks to everyone who showed for the terrible t-shirt party
had a minor(major) breakdown when i thought one of my exams was lost... but its all good now.
had a ridiculously fun reunion with  and , and is heading over to see the  before catching a plane home! see you tonight, america!!!
had a wonderful talk with ! now to get a chance to chat with heather and i will be totally happy o) looking for a job this week. just keep swimming, just keep swimming, just keep swimming, swimming, swimming
had a wonderful two days on boat...
had an awesome fourth of july
had fun last night - was a gd party n other stuff etc etc p
had gummy worms for snack and thought of arteries and veins. oh my freaking god.
had her purse stolen last night and is back to phonelessness. dammit!
had the biggest week in my company's history and its only tuesday! yay! www.cdmpropertypreservation.com
had the worst surf session of my life!
had to run down the street with two bungee ropes across her hips, towing her trainer as he sang this land is my land.
haha no public speaking for me today...class is cancelled!
hahah wheeler hall is under siege
hallelujah! hallelujah! holy! holy! are you lord god almighty! worthy is the lamb, worthy is the lamb that was slain! unto you be all glory and honor and praise! may my life bring glory to your name )
hamlet and therefore as a stranger give it welcome. there are more things in heaven and earth, horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy. hamlet act 1, scene 5, 159?67
hangin' with the sadie-lady.
hanging with the parental units
happy 4th of july people!
happy 4th of july. thanks tj for writing a super cool declaration of independence.
happy birthday )
happy christmas eve!!!!! d
happy christmas to you all loves and hugs sent your way xx
happy father's day to the old man and the rest of you dad's out there!
happy halloween people try not to mix the booze and the candy too much!
happy holidays everyone
happy hour = bad idea.
happy national coming out day!
happy national penguin awareness day! (i may be international at the moment, but at least this city is appropriately desaturated.)
happy new year!
happy new year!
happy new year!!!!!!!! i love the sound of fireworks d
happy thanksgiving!
happy valentine's day everybody! and especially   to my sweet fiancee (with two e's),  , who makes this day very very  special  for me! hey ya'll don't take for granted that you can hold the  one you  love in your arms. i'd give both of my arms just to see my love  right  now.
hardly strictly or bust!
hardly strictly tomorrow may we all have fun and make it out alive
harry potter was excellent!
has 99 friends, so why is it that i feel the need for one more?
has a bit of a fever....why is the h1n1 flu shot not out yet? urrrrg i will be mad if i get sick o(
has a choice...
has a naughty bunny.
has a new medicine. it's 100 movie channels on a television.
has an extra company of thieves ticket for tomorrow night at the hob. lemme know if you want it!! 30
has an extra ticket to the ducks// sharks game tonight. section203 row m... only the best seats in the house. 26!! plus you get to sit by me.
has an extra tiger army ticket for this weekend 10//24. 26.
has an interview in 30...so nervous!!!
has an interview with the fsu film school on the 26th. big things poppin'.
has another show maybe! with  maybe!!!
has been asked by several friends about our trip plans.  we fly nonstop from charlotte to frankfurt.  then we travel by train, heidelberg, wiesbaden, mainz, munich, castles, zugspitze,  rothenburg, back to frankfurt and fly home.
has been in cape breton for 10 days...and has read 8 novels. humm i almost wish i had studying to do lol. but everyone here is soooo nice :o)
has decided, after some careful contemplation, to turn 22 this year. age is a state of mind and i am feeling early 20-ish...op
has decided, after some careful contemplation, to turn 22 this year. age is a state of mind and i am feeling early 20-ish...op b-day in 4 days od
has epically failed her english exam nd is epically even a word?
has extra tickets to kroq almost accoustic xmas... lemme know if u want them.
has had an amazing and adventurous holiday, full of games and leftovers and hitchhiking.
has her first meeting with the  automation team today. are they going to haze me?
has internet again!!!!!
has internet again!!!!! so much work//studying to do....midterms woo hoo
has major, major cabin fever.
has no respect for anyone that doesn't understand the danger of being hit by a line drive. (ahhhh torts).
has officially deleted her bebo page
has seen him twice, so it's official.  lives in this building. any bets on how long it takes me to get on the robot//bear talk show?
has successfully completed scuba dives 1 and 2!
has the only story that is open, baby. he only sells beer and he only sells ice cream.
has three bucks, two bags, one me.
has tickets to 'thunder from down under...going to the bank to get some american 1.00 bills op woot i have a feeling my 2nd 22 b-day is going to be awesome and slightly ridiculous o)
has tickets to 'thunder from down under...going to the bank to get some american 1.00 bills op woot i have a feeling my 2nd 22 b-day is going to be awesome and slightly ridiculous o) bath then bed...time and a half tomorrow
has to be at work at 7am. wait...since when do i have a job?
has tried hot glue, electrical tape, cigarette filters and zip ties to collar this stepper motor for a superlight turnbuckle. what gives?! any suggestions?
has walked a thousand miles with grace so far. i could walk like this forever...jesus how can you be so good to me?? may you be praised in every step i take. always
has won the  nobel prize for procrastination and ineptitude thank god they made some new categories this year
has, for two years, tried to open her apartment door with her studio key every single night. today she actually tried with the remote car key. a first!
hates discussion forums. you always end up looking pompous, idiotic or both. there's no winning.
hates legal writing. a lot. if i'm still awake at 3 am you'll know why.
hates noisy library-goers.
have an extra company of thieves ticket for next tuesday's show. who wants to go?
have an extra tiger army ticket for tomorrow night in hollywood.
having no bay bridge makes me sad
having people over tonight...call me if you wanna come over!
hawkeyes you almost killed me tonight! thank god we won!
he said, no money.  but, on your deathbed, you will receive total consciousness. so i have that going for me.
headed to bed with my centipede.
hears some sort of kitten meowing from 35,000ft and getting closer.....
hell is empty and all the devils are here - william shakespeare, the tempest, 1.2
hey , don't make it bad. don't eat all the houseplants, chew wires, throw temper tantrums, and break out of your cage.  all you need is love, little man.
hey all the good old tahoma lodge now has a fan page. please join to support boyce and kay, or to remember the good times.
hey! have you heard the news?  died. no! say it isn't so,  died.
hi, my name is !
hide away!
hmm, can't wait to try out this synthetic fermented egg lure...
hmm.. if i were a fly, i'd be dreaming about devil's tongue. nite, all
hmm... has the mystery of the loud neighborhood farting noise been solved?
holiday party this means even santa is going to drink.
home alone on tv )
home alone...and terribly bored(
home from my midterm and now doing homework...class tonight until 7 o(
home to clean up the house, shower then back to 's
homework and babysitting all day...brought the wii to entertain my two favorite twins!!!
hope in a wasteland of faith; stone figures hewn down; blood flowing through ancient sewers
hope ya all have a great weekend. xxx
hope you all ahve a wicked weekend loves x
hope you all have a great weekend x
hope you are all having a great weekend, am working but all good -)
hope your all having a great weekend xx
hopes to play surrealist games with you tonight. moustache required.
hopin and prayin
hoping to get out of her driveway.
hot pot!
hot tamales & easter peeps & bunnies;  & i gots significant data! ) i guess monkeys do kinda like music...
houston, the fourth largest city in the u.s., has elected its first openly gay mayor  )
how did a non-coffee drinker like me end up hooked on cappuccinos?
how did i go from having nothing to do all the time to being unbelievably busy in a matter of 2 days?
how many licks does it take to get to the center of your universe?
howard zinn's a people's history of the united states is debuts sunday night and is showing at ucla tomorrow. whos coming with me?
http////www.youtube.com//watch?v=rtppbhuenj4
hungers and thirsts for righteousness.
hungry. fee me.
hutchins ahoy!
i <3 !
i <3 house of pies! d
i <3 my life.i am having a hard time studying..
i am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together.
i am not one to get into the christmas cheer but damn it i want to watch a charlie brown christmas...
i am stuck in battlecreek for the night...ugh i hate snow sometimes.
i am thankful for yams.
i am the fool; the hierophant crosses me.
i believe it all is coming to an end. oh well, i guess we're gonna pretend. ever feel like a five-year-old who is content to cover his//her eyes to feel safe and secure? if i can't see you, you can't see me..lol..i want us all to stop ignoring the important things. they won't go away if you ignore them. i promise.
i believe the world is burning to the ground. oh well, i guess we're gonna find out--how far have we come, lord? let us make the most of the time we do have here. we waste too much time on so many things that don't matter. its not worth it. really.
i better pay the library 3.60 or the man is coming to my house
i bleed articles for your wholesale. http////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-gainesville-film-industry-examiner~y2009m10d22-new-movies-woo
i can haz dinner?
i can't get over this hilariousness. i was listening to npr the other day and this guy was interviewing a band. the band was a bunch of science nerds that made science songs. one of their songs was called my brother the chimp or something and they talked about how they believed in evolution. guy interviewing them goes...so what was the genesis of this song. i laughed. hard. and still think its funny...the end
i can't remember when the earth turned slowly...so i'll just wait here with the lights turned out again. i lost my place, but i can't stop this story. i'll find my way, but til then i'm only...spinning
i cant get to sleep!!!!
i dare you to touch a slug.
i didnt get the job!!!!  nerves got the better of me. am doing the job i applied for and still got that so all good.  will just have to learn from this how to be better at interviews. still love my job -)
i don't know how it all works. i don't know why. i don't know how. i just am who you made me. i have what you gave me. let me be yours. please take all i have as yours. let me be holy and of you. i desire for my life to boil your vapor from my skin forever. burn everlasting flame. flinted face, calloused knuckles, and grinding teeth...my best. that's what you got.
i don't think i have a famous person....hmmmm....okay with that though.
i don't want to go outside because i might have a terrible day.
i dont get it. baseball is super boring.
i enjoy thursdays masquerading as fridays
i feel like my insides have turned into goo and are going to seep out my pores at any minute...
i feel like shit...
i feel like the only reason i'm here is to develop my test taking skills.
i fought the box and the box won (
i found one of my students in the janitor's closet this morning.
i get on the road to tahoe tomorrow to do battle with tourists, the law, and this fat elf man with reindeer that everyone keeps talking about
i got bit by a pig yesterday and now my finger hurts...
i gotta feelin. woohoo...that tonight's gonna be a good night ) i like it when prayer's answered sweetly and things work out well. thanks god )
i hate winter its so frikin cold!!!!!!!!
i hate younger brothers...
i have to eat up this week because i'm spending next week with hippies and they serve nothing but vegan food.
i hope everyone else enjoys their nfl sunday. i'll be taking the gre.
i hope everyone had a wonderful thanksgiving!
i is teh tired
i just bought books and booked a flight for chaz and i to denver!!!
i just listened to waiting for my ruca by sublime and it made me think of ,  and .  ugh, i miss you guys!
i just realized i have the perfect brother... he is just so wonderful in every way, and he is a musician! how lucky am i? but... he doesn't make his moves in scrabble ;)
i just want today to be over already...
i know what lies beyond this life for me is already won. no one can take away the blood that covers over my bones. without the blood of perfect life i know i'm nothing at all.
i like where we are. here )...except...where's my julie?????? (((. i don't like where we are anymore...
i love
i love  0)
i love weekends! <3
i made my first bouquet garni today ).
i need to grow up.
i reeeaaallllyyyy want to see taking woodstock...
i think  may have attracted a tall chicken & a wolf-girl with her salmon patty trail cam bait.
i used to have a boyfriend with a wooden leg, but i broke it off.
i want new fb layout!
i want to go to the bar tonight...is that too much to ask?
i wantz to see avatar in 3d
i was attacked by a monkey today on the way to kodaikanal. luckly he bit my jeans and not my leg since i hear the rabies shot is not a lot of fun.
i went to bed at midnight last night and woke up at 530pm. whoa.
i will never get my master's or get out of frostburg (
i wish things could change...sadly i know they never will.  time to face reality.
i wish we don't have our damn necks.
i woke up with the roots stuck in my head...weird
i'd give her a ha! and a hi-ya! and then a ouu-wa! and i'd kick her, sir. take that, memo.
i'd rather steal your whiskey than your heart in conversation.
i'll jump and kick and bite and scratch and scream until i'm blue in the face.
i'm fucking scared of the future.
i'm not quite sure how i feel about having my singing voice compared to  (especially when the boyfriend makes the comparison).
i'm trying hard not to meet you when i'm sleeping.
i'm trying, ghandi.
i've got yellow fever! p
iap - a, fyp - b... lols.... gpa still seems safe... =)
ice skating in houston = melted ice and rain...still fun however )
icky feeling = gone. back to prancing through the office with a smile, and my usual excessive energy//need for adventure!
if fsu were a guinea pig, it would be . no offense, .
if i can stop one heart from breaking, i shall not live in vain; if i can ease one life the aching, or cool one pain, or help one fainting robin, unto his nest again, i shall not live in vain. -
if i wasn't such a dork than i don't think i'd have the friends that i do. i love you guys.
if the children don't grow up our bodies get bigger but our hearts get torn up we're just a million little gods causing rainstorms  turning every good thing to rust
if the itching continues from the stings i am just going to go with amputation peg legs are in fashion
if we can't do it together, then we'll do it apart.
if you all want a beer brewing club at uf, then wish me and my wolf pack luck tomorrow.
if you didn't fuck my ex-girlfriend, i would still owe you three thousand dollars.
if you give a moose a muffin, you'll end up in a dirty trailer with seven kids and no money.
if you know anyone that works for an ambulance company in the east bay, let me know!!!
if you read this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment with a memory of you and me. it can be anything you want! when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you.
if you wish to make an apple pie truly from scratch, you must first invent the universe. -
im countin down da days till friday!!!!
im freeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!! yayayayayayayayayayayay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
im in college yet im onb facebook - oh medias great d
in a moment, something poked him in an infuriatingly private place.
in cal for one day then back out to see the family in portland. vagabonds r us
in our personal and professional lives, we are constantly hit with one adversity after the other, most of which we have no control over. but the four things we have total control over is how we react, how we adapt, how we breathe and how we take action.
in the final throes of archland
insomnia help...! tips anyone?
insomnia. help me! (vodka?)
insurance just checked in to see what condition my pre-existing condition was in
internet on a bart?? unheard of!
invisible
is  for the next week. if no one hears from me for awhile, start reading the denver post.
is (??? ) ???~.
is 1111, 11//11.
is a bully... t_t
is a busy bee
is a cube!
is a deer panting for your living water. i thirst for the living god and in my thirst i need your rest. precious lord, carry me for even at my strongest i lack the strength to stand on my own. amen
is a female donkey that drills for a living?
is a happy human being d
is a standard packet.
is a tax collector who standing afar off would not even raise his eyes to heaven. i pray, god, be merciful to me, a sinner.
is about 65% oxygen, 18% carbon, 10% hydrogen, 3% nitrogen, 1.5% calcium, 1% phosphorus, 0.35% potassium, 0.25% sulfur, 0.15% sodium, 0.05% magnesium, and 0.70% copper, zinc, iron, and caffeine.
is about to enjoy the hell out of this day.
is about to fall out of her bed, out of her clothes, and into the niiiiiiiiiight kitchen.
is affraid of not getting married before she turns 35.
is almost 26!
is almost plays almost as bad as .
is always surprised at how many building materials are made from cyanide, formaldehyde, and uric acid.
is an asshole.
is an atheist please respect my beliefs and stop sending me jesus, god and (insert other deity) crap. thanks.
is anxiously attached. i don't know how to ask for help. and i don't know how to accept it. ---i'll drag my own intestines back to dyer, thank you very much.
is at work then the mall then off to 's o)
is at work until 1pm then maybe selling a book? off with  after that!!!!!
is at work until 6
is at work, off tomorrow and then working the weekend for student check in...bring on the scared//excited students and parents lol!
is at work....one more hour then sushi date with . feeling sleepy already....3 days to mon birthday!!!!! and le strippers op
is at work...school on the 10th and i am so excited!  is home o) life is good.
is at&t really that bad in ny? sprint vs. at&t if not getting verizon?
is attic apartment and tornado don't mix...the question is where to take cover?
is back in phoenix!
is back to her old life in the new world.
is back to school
is back to thinking about nowhere.
is baking a cherry pie from scratch -)
is baking cookies in his room...because it is an oven
is beat!
is being conformed to the image of christ. do you want to be like jesus? then you must learn something...you must learn how to love someone who does not meet the conditions. it's not easy, but it's not impossible.
is believing the best in others, because the dove candy wrapper says so, betch!
is bored and shud be studying sumting...
is bored...
is boycotting the 30% chance of rain//snow on saturday.
is celebrating her second year single anniversary personal-independence day for me op
is celebrating the birth of !
is completely uncomfortable....
is convinced that work causes gradually increasing brain damage to the point that at 500pm he is unable to form complete sentences or recognize faces.
is coughing like an old lady a day before her death.
is curing cancer with an egg-laying butt-robot, one prostate at a time.
is d !
is deep in lust and going to bed op
is deep in thought. at lunch then back to work until 6pm.
is definitely a nerd.  just freaked out on jaye because i thought we left the 3d glasses at the movie store...
is deliriously happy from this week of reunions.
is depressed and beautiful.
is designing a lovely tattoo... yes, i realize i have a stack of papers to grade. coffee break soon.
is designing a mausoleum.  go halloween.
is disorganized and excited for a weekend wedding adventure
is done doing silly quizzes...but they are so funny!!!  good-night everyone!
is done with her fifth semester of graduate school!
is drawing instead of homeworking. :| this is fun, but not good.
is dumb.
is dying!!! heeeeelppppp!!!!!
is eating an apple she got from a stranger...what is the worst thing that could happen? :op
is enjoying some tahoe sunshine
is enjoying talking to random people on omegle.com
is enjoying this incredibly beautiful sky.
is examining himself. 2 cor 135. testing himself to see if he is in the faith. work out your salvation with fear and trembling for it is god who works in you to will and to act according to his good purpose. phillipians 212-13
is excited about making a chocolate mousse torte. )
is excited for being able to spot the summer triangle. not to be confused with the bermuda triangle.
is excited for her first independence day // style//.
is excited for the fair. cotton candy, shady carnies, and rides that fall apart as you ride them
is excited her d for serious, that's all i can think about
is excited to pop chuckies natives cherry!
is excited to see her d for serious, that's all i can think about
is expecting... but doesn't know the bunny daddy.
is fantasizing about kicking washing machines and dreaming about joining a radical-feminist group...urrg. i want to go home!
is fed up with messin with the relationship status n is goin to upload pics d
is feeling 23 ways at once. but mostly ready for a party.
is feeling shady.
is filling up boxes and boxes and soon i'll get in one too.
is finally happily making art in her apartment. just had a delivery guy come in, look around quietly then say, can i ask what is going on in here?
is finally making art again.
is flying through the sookie stackhouse series op loved the last book i read club dead but dead to the world is not impressing me yet at page 110...urg!
is full up of memories of forested shrines, crashing beaches, and one very long, very windy road.
is gettin rather annoyed at her innability to concentrate n get this one piece of business work finnished grrr - is resisting goin on msn though
is getting a cold...
is getting disturbed by the deer in the meadow. they seem to be edging ever closer...they can smell fear
is getting down with the opd.
is getting saddr & weirdr.
is getting some work done, then cleaning my room//apartment!...it is hotttt outside!
is getting trampled by cats!
is getting very nervous about her first day of teaching sats, moving, and school in august....and its all converging.
is glad 2moz is friday
is glad his room is now a little cooler than the surface of the sun
is glad the computer is working again!!!! d
is glad the hawks won even if i was out in rural india and couldn't watch the game.
is glad to be.
is going completely insane with anticipation ) t-minus 24 hours til 's arrival in nashville!
is going on a deposition, my first real one with ocb!
is going to do some comfort reading tonight (oh  of green gables...) first real exam tomorrow //
is going to get off her bum and go running sometime in the next 5 minutes...i promise!
is going to give herself a massive, robot-induced coronary before the day is through.
is going to go visit the homie locked up in the joint.
is going to try working out drunk.
is gone home for the day....
is gone to flirt shamelessly with police officers at their christmas party. is there anything better than a man in uniform? wait! one with handcuffs :op
is gonna get some groovy coyote trail cam pics! you know you're jealous
is gonna miss 's illin' with the will-man until its fall comeback.
is half way through her weekend conference ;)
is hangin' with .
is happy it's her birthday!!! thank you everyone for the birthday wishes o)
is happy she finally got off the google voice waitlist //and// got the best phone number in the history of the world.
is happy to be home again. just in time for the hava gorgo mishe.
is happy to have a new, working laptop.
is having a competition with the man to see who can finish a word search the fastest...we are nerds
is having a hard time living with no phone o( come on dal hook me up already!!!
is having a hard time living with no phone o( come on dal hook me up already!!! (work until 6pm...facebook is the best way to contact me right now)
is having fun on mystery google lolz d
is having the loveliest last week//end with all you lovely lovely people.
is headed for boston to be with her lovers...  &  are happy d
is headed to india over winter break!
is heading home
is heading home for some sensory deprivation (and 's? anyone?)
is heading home!
is heading off to the national order of the arrow conference
is heading to san antonio for the weekend
is hiding out.
is home from germany, had a good time ... tired
is home lovin' on my kids....oh, and my hubby too ;)
is honestly pretty bla today...wish i could go home to cape breton and sit on the beach in the sun
is hotly waiting the mj zombie comeback.
is imagining her feet buried under the cool, wet sand and being sucked toward the ocean.
is in bed dreaming of nerdy firemen hahahahaha
is in bed dreaming of nonbaryonic dark matter?sigh facebook quizzes are fun
is in charlotte with my favorites)
is in her studio for the last time.
is in less danger of getting a lump of coal for christmas every year, as we deplete the earth's fossil fuels.
is in love with  in downtown raleigh. and .
is in love with ren fest...
is in love with veniero's pastry <3 <3 muah muah
is jittery over tchnological complexity and impending deadlines.
is just an earthbound misfit enjoying a starbucks double-shot espresso
is just hangin' out with ol' dex. study study study.
is just here.
is just trying to find a fb status that doesn't bother anybody.
is let the san francisco adventure begin!
is listening to relient k and thinking about plants, lawyers, and internships.
is living life fully.
is living with her personal trainer this week...kapo, ab-ripper, kickboxing and cardio.
is locking up the office and heading home... call me soon o) re-potting orchids then to ! have a good night all!!!
is looking at the man in the mirror.
is looking forward to  tonight.
is looking through west to east.
is looking to join junior league of new orleans, anybody know who to contact?
is lucky to have friends like  around to point out that a glass desk will lead to serious laser mouse frustration.
is making cds and making out with .
is making internets!
is missing her nieces and sissy in inverness
is monsterballin' ( is awesome!), then off to a weekend of rockin' out with siblings and relaxing in giant blanket forts.
is moved in at loft oasis and very pleased.
is moving to spain!!! no, new zealand. yay. come visit.
is no feeling to good, had to come home fa work -(
is no longer going to just stand there. this time, i'm going to bust a move.
is not with his darling anymore ( sad day(s)...lord, be my sustanence as you always are. especially now that much of my joy is 700 miles away from me. i love you , and i miss you!
is now a certified scuba diver!
is now addicted to mafia wars. thanks !
is now trained in changing adult diapers, moving from gurney to bed, and bathing patients. one more step closer to my mpa!!
is off lunch and back to work....until 6pm
is off to dreamland
is off to ruperts for the night!
is off to scout camp (old indian in sc) for a week
is ohhhhh.
is old & unprofessional.
is on his way to a wedding in the beautiful peace garden state.
is out of petaluma in a month and down to novato. camp lotsafun is shutting down (
is packed and ready to go to san francisco//napa valley!
is packing for germany
is planning to kill james patterson if he decides 2 kill fang in da next maximum ride book >|
is playing real life tetris with moving boxes
is playing xbox and legos alone... unless there are any humans around that want to play with me???
is praying hard to be just one who scatters seed on the earth.
is prototyping gantries for butt-robots (mostly out of lego).
is pumped to see harry potter with chaz...you are the best bf ever!
is putting my life together
is quickly learning that when making a french dish to be prepared to pour whole bottles of wine into the sauce lol
is reading act like a lady, think like a man on her lunch...understanding the male psyche is the first step to taking over the world op
is reading her new textbooks...so excited about taking human sexuality! i am going to make an a+
is ready for a nappy-noo
is ready for dancing!
is rebooting in safe mode.
is resting her voice...stupid laryngitis
is seeing  & ! d
is settling down for the end of an amazing summer.
is sick.. again.... '(
is sipping coffee, petting a bunny, listening to music, & dicking around on fb. how's that for multitasking? i can process chemical, acoustical, tactile, and visual stimuli simultaneously, all while actively avoiding any kind of work and maintaining homeostasis!
is sleepy mcsleeperson
is smoking a cigar to get warm.
is so far away from the people who care about hereeling really sad//upset tonight.
is so happy it is friday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! time with  and then home to sleep-in all weekend and get some rest! three weeks with this head cold is a bit much...
is soaked. umbrella broke. good morning, dear monday.
is soaking up that phoenix sun!
is soo sore...but thats what happens when you fall down the stairs and bruise your entire left side(
is sooooo tired of legal practice homework.
is sorry she didn't come to raleigh after telling everyone she would. but i went on a hike today and saw pretty nature-type things!
is spending the holiday drifting down the huron.
is starting the long process of heading home.
is starting to like her new room in the basement...
is still recovering from shock after seeing my 7th grade science teacher at a certain bar
is still reeling from blue hill at stone barns last night. unreal.
is stuck on band-aid brand, cuz band-aid's stuck on me!
is such a gleek.
is surrounded by candy
is taken  (our youngest) off to appalachian state today to start his freshman year.   isn't going, she just can't do it.
is taking the trouble to blow her bubbles away.
is teaching first grade
is teaching troop leadership training today.
is thamkful she didn't get murdered last night. seriously. and of course, for her lovely fb friends. )
is thanking everyone for the birthday wishes o) cleaning my apartment!! laundry//dishes//the usual
is there anyone out there who can write me a good letter of recommendation?
is thinking... if i have a little >2 yrs left to live, why am i still in frostburg?
is thrilled that his son  and wife  are expecting!
is totally  circa 1962.
is totally xcited for da ball 2moz yay!!!!! d
is trying to get out of beta too.
is up all night for no reason..
is variably responsible
is very happy - for myself n for charlotte woop d  p.s. cheers for the car lol p
is very happy with her very first scrubs!!! d
is very sore and very tired...
is waiting on the lord this morning
is wandering around san francisco in the rain <3
is watching fearnet with . spook is in the air )
is watching the perseid meteor shower the next two nights.
is water-shedding it up and bonfireing it down.
is wearing paint-free jeans (& gives them a day at best).
is well and festive and taking advantage of summer.
is wishing her big-ssista a super-awesome-tastic birthday!!!!!!!! i <3  you !!!!!!!!
is wishing i didn't have to proctor an exam at 730 am on monday...i hate mornings.
is with his darling...oh what simple things many take for granted. thank you lord for your gift of life. thank you lord for  )
is wondering what hurricane bill is going to be like...getting ready just in case :o)
is wondering what's the actual date for start of modules... xd
is wondering why it's not sunny.
is work, school, firepit, manhattan, school.
is working until 6
is working, working, working...
is worried about not being able to write an essay on katherine mansfield short stories this friday s
is worried that academics have no real meaning in their lives.
is. learning to be at peace and just be is harder than it should be ;). lord you are. you just are. teach me to be like you. teach me to be.
isssllliiipp ho gaya ji!!!!
it is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society. -
it is so heartbreaking watching a loved one deal with the progression of parkinson's disease (
it just started snowing at exactly 1337.
it might get loud' in my latest article. http////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-gainesville-film-industry-examiner~y2009m10d9-it-might-get-loud
it smells like a sulfur vent has opened underneath our building. next comes volcanic ash and burning
it was hot! it was hot.
it was so cold this morning i am pretty sure that i hallucinated polar bears and penguins on the way to my car
it's a hershey's day
it's easter! teebow is resurrected.
it's not 'that' the wind is blowing...it's 'what' the wind is blowing
it's official. i'm boring.
it's projected to snow 3-5 inches tomorrow in houston! )
it's really amazing that a meatball can roll under a bush and eventually grow into a meatball tree.
it's snowing in houston!
it's unpatriotic and terrorist-embracing to do anything but praise the president like some sort of college cheerleader... calling people unpatriotic and comparing them to terrorists for failing to fulfill their solemn duty to praise the president on his special day and mindlessly support his accolades isn't clever or tough politics.  it's weak, counter-productive, unprincipled, dumb and dangerous. --.
its a hot one folks
its fun 2 lock younger siblings outside wen it cold nd dark... especially wen dey bein anoyin
its going to be a boiling, yet beautiful day
its not the end of the week, but its the last day.. its thursday... so i'm gonna get my drink on)
its opening day at  memorial park for cold season! boo! (
its sooooo cold out there!!!!!
its that time of the year again!!!!!
itunes is soooo bad! im going broke.
ive come to the conclusion that some people are really just not worth it - grow up n learn to forgive xxx
jesus. you're the lover of my soul. jesus. i will never let you go. you've taken me from the mirey place; set my feet upon the rock, and now i know...
july 4th=extra servings of gaperade
just another lovely sun filled day in phoenix)
just back from scotland (the brave)! in raleigh this week, hit me up.
just bought my three nights in san fan! .
just bought some rad gre test prep supplies. super excited.
just broke 200 pages )
just built a totally awesome interactive cyborg trinity map. <3 gmaps api <3
just calculated my carbon foot print...sick!
just cries and cries without ever knowing why.
just does it!!!
just experienced orthostatic hypotension. trippy.
just finished glassing my broken board and im high as shit from the resin. feels wrong.
just going to grab some raw fish................
just got 16 orders all at once. sick.
just got back from having a great time in orkney -)
just got fog roll'd.
just got his marin county library card. let the nerdery commence!
just got home from shopping for our apartment with  bought 600 thread count sheets and they feel like butter! ooooohhhhhh luxury sleep here i come o)
just got scolded for reckless soldering. my bad kg!
just got the oral typhoid vaccine and wonders how many people actually read the informational sheet provided.  i think their references are a little outdated.
just got tickets to the phish show at shoreline!
just heard 'in the hall of the mountain king' on the radio. then 'cold as ice'. ah, it's like being home with my family.
just home fa night shift, am away to bed. hgave a good day x
just learned from wikipedia what gropecunt lane is, and is somewhat abashed.
just like i called it.  put up zeros across the board today.
just realized that i will never get a break from studying// school...
just remembered how much he likes the strokes.
just saw  get tired & redock himself and is having major heart melt ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
just saw four timber rattlesnakes!! thanks, ! ) and i am so much better at finding them than .
just tested curb hopping the subaru with  in sr. i laughed so hard i think i broke something
just to be clear life is just a bowl of rainier cherries.  d
just took my little babies out of the museum. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
just took the loveliest walk.
just wants to be settled in a great many things.
just went to her first phish show! it was great fun, though i'm not sure who spread the rumor that it's ok to use glowstick goo as body paint.
just went upstairs to find  reading icanhascheezburger. success!
just when you think the yankees have enough superstars, they go and get .
karma is a bitch isn't it???
keep the people of haiti and their families, in your thoughts.  donate if you can!!
keeping the people of haiti in my thoughts
keeps failing  &  (expert)!!!!!!! >0
kevin smith and halloween this wknd. shaping up to be a big one
kevin smith tonight!
kid rock was right. we should all just be cowboys.
kind of digging the weird weather today
kindly thanks everyone who wished him a happy birthday!
kitten mitten!
klo ftw!
knowledge without repentance will be but a torch to light your way to hell
knows there are meteors behind those clouds.
ladies, your red, black,pink, blue, white, butterflied, cheetah printed, and nude bra colors made the news tonight. facebook doesn't know who started it going but the  foundation says it was a great way to raise awareness for breast cancer. way to go! post this on your wall - if you participated in the bra colour game! yipeeedooooda
laissez le bon temps rouler!
lakers can haz championship!
lakers raised to the 5th power
last day of institute
last night, i learned that my little boy () loves wine as much as i do; hence, i will no longer be able to set my wine glasses on the ground.
last trauma exam tomorrow! ooo ooooo!
law geekitude 107 i giggle to myself every time some old english judge uses the word mischief in an opinion.
law school is like the biggest loser...it doesn't matter how well you do, just how well you do compared to everyone else. dun dun dun.
left his heart in san francisco and thus had a massive coronary arrest upon exiting the city
lend me your ear & i'll sing you a song, but you might not be able to hear it without your ear.
lesson planing
let me be one who leans on his staff in the last days...broken and weak, and in that weakness let me lift my hands in honor and praise to he who saved me by his own merit. thank you dear father who makes his goodness known in me. may you be glorified.
let me know you more deeply and truely, oh lord. there are none who know you completely, and so i pray that you show me. your ways are perfect and i want my life to sing your praise. let me walk with love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, gentleness, and self-control. against such things there is no law.
let's talk about how much fun we had about fucking the world.
let's talk about how much fun we had when we were fucking the world.
life is like a box of chocolates... too much marshmallow and not enough nuts.
life is miraculous; even when it's disastrous, it's still incredible. i'm fascinated with everything; life is fascinating. i'm fascinated by trees and dogs, but no one wants to hear me talk about it. -
life never seems to stop changing. its crazy to think college is almost over. wow. lord, please guide the steps of my life as it is so formless yet traced before me.
likes the feeling of wasabi high in her nasal passages
likes windows. they are very appealing to wandering minds.
listening to  (i'm guessing?) being very very wonderful on npr.
listless....better snap out of it soon
little dee is your hero.
lolz putting ur language on pirate is fun d
longest day ever and tomorrow will be worse. super!
looking forward to all the terrible t-shirts!
looking forward to checking  out of the the post-bar mental institution. congrats to all you bar -takers out there!
looking forward to going up in a hot air balloon above discovery green -)
looking forward to ladiez night at smitty's d
looking forward to spamalot
looks forward to seeing your beautiful (moustachioed) faces tonight artzone 461 -> 500 club -> ???, !!!
looks like i am going to be just as unproductive in 2010 as i was in 2009
looks like it is time to convert the old subaru into a rowboat. my name is captain
lord  may have been a complete cad, but he could sure put pen to paper. (still not studying as hard as i should be... can you tell?)
lord let your glory fall as on that ancient day. let it fall on both of them. let your grace be made known eternally and mightily.
lord please bless our time together. its so difficult to go so long without being with the treasure you have graced my life with. i pray that you bring her to me safely and that i pursue her well.
lord, be my portion. christ trusted you to provide all the help he ever needed. let me do the same.
love actually makes me want christmas.
love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. without them humanity cannot survive - dalai lama
love everything about going home except the traffic.
loved san francisco a little extra from the back of a ducati.
loves a 23rd.
loves alcohol and women.
loves america.
loves being broken. it means i fought hard and didn't give up. i'll wrestle with you, oh god of jacob, and i won't let go.
loves coffee more than lol catz love cupcakes.  and unlike lol catz, i'm not inbred//illiterate.  i am 68% retarded, however, but that's mostly because i drool.
loves crazy people. (almost as much as coffee).
loves driving on 1.
loves friends that help clean up the party. and has pretty great friends in general.
loves her new  haircut, even though the bangs were sticking straight up into the air this morning.
loves phoenix)
loves summer evenings
loves the pirate english version of facebook!!!
loves the sun!!!!! <3
loves workouts that involve kicking and punching the best.
made it back from the festival. a coupla of bee stings and whiskey draught and some awesome tunes...what an awesome day
made it home somehow.
made it through 30 minutes of cannibal holocaust. i believe in artisitic expression and everything but damn...this is pushing it.
mag-usap tayo sa tagalog!
making banana pancakes)
making love to my lollipop, mantis-style.
media is kl d
memento is a trippy movie!
mended a giant american flag today and it felt good.
merry christmas everyone )
merry christmas everyone!
merry christmas everyone!!!!!!! i hope you all have a wonderful day d <3
merry christmas, all!  any santa sightings?
metaphysics is a restaurant where they give you a thirty thousand page menu, and no food.
mexican standoff with monday tomorrow at 800am
mexico city legalized gay marriage and adoptions! =)
mi novio aprende espal - que bonito impresionante )
might almost like bridget's cinnamon, cardamom, & black pepper tea more than coffee!
might just vomit. i hate exams.
migraine...ugh
missed the forest and smacked into a couple of the trees while i was at it too.  p
misses you, dfl.
missing chapel hill
mission for the day find my car under that 8-ft mound of wintry precipitate.
mmm mmm turkey stock
mmm soup.
mmm, just planned vegas 2009. 23 days and counting.
mmmmm!!!!! nutella on a spoon!
mmmmm!!!!! wheatens taste good!!!!!! p
mmmmm...pint of haagen-dazs peach sorbet and no running. doin' good today.
mmmmmmmm trader joes tart frozen yogurt... makes a mouth very happeh!!  d
mmmmmmmmm!!!!!!! strawberries and chocolate cake tastes soo good!!!!!!!!
mock exams r makin me insomniatic dat is soo not kool!
monday comes too fast and too early.
monday morning brain is broken
monday morning why do you come on so strong?
monday morning= broken brain
monday night madness at work. ask not for whom the work bell rings, it rings for
monday night malaise
mondaze
mondazed
mono is no fun (
most disgusting statistic i've ever heard avg nyc model = 5'10, 110lbs....
most of our platitudes notwithstanding, self-deception remains the most difficult deception. the tricks that worked on others count for nothing in that very well-lit back alley where one keeps assignations with oneself no winning smiles will do here, no prettily drawn list of good intentions. -
moverama round three this time the whole world is moving, at least inside my head
moverama! final act despite devious brigands, terrifying creatures, and a run in with a band of pygmy cannibals, our loyal cast has finally arrived in the principality of novato!
moverama! part 5 our intrepid heroes are beset on all sides by tragedy as the movers have backed the truck into a car. will our courageous cast live to see novato, or will their new living quarters be the marin county home for the destitute and ill-at-he
moverama! part four my floor is my bed, my dresser is in the garage, and i have set fire to all non essentials. now comes periods of existential dread and sheer ecstasy as my house collapses in on itself
moving back to nola on the first...so little time
must find time to go xmas shopping...ahhh!
must sleep, must sleep. too excited for the weekend.
muy infeliz
my body doth protest about the gym
my body doth protest about ye olde basketballe yesterday. at least we gave the youngsters a good beat down.
my brain=monday molasses
my car is full of all my wordly possessions....ah the nomadic life.
my foot really hurts. how do i know if it is broken?
my fortune cookie tonight didn't even have a fortune...  (
my horoscope today is awesome hahahaha....it reminds me of...well most days op , if you are single, this is not the best day to get out to meet new people. the people you meet will be strange or dysfunctional in some way.
my immune system is battling the cold. there is most uncivil war going on in the body. collateral damage may be my ability to breathe and form coherent sentences
my mother saw the proposal without me so i've lost my excuse to go see it.
my new favorite word is weltanschauung -)
my party was brilliant so thanku everyne who came ) - thanx also too everyone who gave me a gift or card they are all amazing and very lovely, so cheers ) xxx
my pay check is like your pay check only without all the zeros.
my prediction for the upcoming nfl season fuck .
my readership is down but you can bring it up by reading this personal piece i wrote for you all. http////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-gainesville-film-industry-examiner~y2009m10d28-why-we-go-to-movies
my skull is way too sexy with his rabbit ears. his name is  and was named after  on grey's anatomy.
my status update keeps screwing up. but i will be doing comedy at 1982 tonight with other great comics. stop on by at 9pm.
n now its all over ( - cant get seasons of love out my head though lol  was a pretty gd night tbh )
nachofest!!!!
nappy noo time
nature and nature's laws lay hid in the night. god said, let  be! and all was light! -
need new clients!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
need to go back to sleep!!!!!!!!!!
needs a vacation!!!!!!!!!!!!
needs help. is my artist name  or ?
needs job//money to support hobbies other than studying....
needs some surf!!
needs to know guys, seriously, what to do with this squid.
needs to learn how to be diurnal & studious.
needs to make herself a budget...school supplies (aka coffee maker op) and a gym pass??? first term books = 350.00 i wonder what qualifications i need to write//publish text books?
needs to stop slacking...
needs to take fewer joys for granted
needs to work on discipline, decisiveness, and time.
neoplatonic thinking postulates the one is infinite and gives rise, eventually, to this world of 'becoming. lord you were, are, and forever will be. my one. may i draw all life and thought from your essential creativity. may i be made to be like your form. good.
net worth 1,000.
never getting gas before work again...
never realized how boring life is until i lost my cable.
never trust a man without an embarrassing secret.
no demanding without understanding --
no more sat class! whoo whoo! but i'll miss the kids, they were a good lot once you got past the fact that they were teenagers....
no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day. nor should people be forced to go without insurance because the cost of... insuring oneself is more than their cost of living.
no sleep make brain work bad.
no thesis project. no hope for the future, other than a miracle.
not gonna be facebooking much tonight...
not really sure y everyone was so dissapointed by the hp film - i thought it was rather gd d
not so well today... getting betta...
not wearing a bra to the bar is a terrible idea...
not what we have but what we enjoy, constitutes our abundance. epicurus
note to self do not attempt to drive 400 miles in a blizzard ever again.
note to self never try to make candy canes or any other hard sugar candy without at least 2 other people around to immediate shape the candy and clean it off the dishes before it hardens. otherwise, it will be stuck on everything and take repeated re-heating and scraping to get it off (
nothing like having stuff stolen out of your car to brighten your day. go humanity!
nothing like watching monkeys have sex on a biweekly basis
nothing personal against you all as a species, ants, but mi casa es just not su casa.
nothing quite like going to the park and seeing a vulture munch on a gutted squirrel, turn to look at you, and precede to empty its bowels with a loud squirt
nutella on a spoon tastes gud especially at 1 in da mornin p
nyc on 8//18!!!!!!!!
o) there are 3 swedish guys on my floor this year....woot
o... m.... g.......!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
obama won the nobel peace prize!!!! laaaaaaaammmme!
october is a packed festival month! hardly strictly this wknd, then onto treasure island in a coupla weeks!
of to the dentist to get work done on the grill
off to colorado!!!
off to rise against with gman and blade. you will find us in the parking lot drinking the sparks. you know youre jealous.
off to san fran.
off to see company of thieves. pumped to slay later.
off to the mountains to visit the peeps!
off to work hope you all have a good day and if its not then turn it around loves xxxx
off to work out with  (y)
off to work! lame.
off to work, then to surf.
oh hi i am laura 3.0, i live in new york and wear a sweater cape -jjc
oh i am such a sucker for a nerdy guy...
oh mysterious man whose voice sounds like seth rogen, i fell in love with you and i didn't even see your face...
oh no!!!! i have a class deep in the bowels of the lsc...i will die in the catacombs and never see sunlight again. i was lost underground in the lsc for an entire hour once os
oh portland, how i love thee
oh tetanus shot, why must you hurt so much?!
oh the hazards of love
oh to find an internship....
oh, ! you make a robomama proud! from 's article ultimately, our empathy towards  (ascribing human-like traits to her actions and form) is what makes her teaching so successful. without anthropomorphizing her, viewers would have minimal desire to explore the perception of a robot. yet...
oh, canada!
ohhh theres so many gd things to look forward tooo - cant wait!   d
okay bears... channel that anger and use it to cream the competition next week.
omfg!!! hus clever idea was it 2 snd our year books in da mail caws myne is freakin ripped in half becaws of da rain i mean seriously da old system was fine!!!!!!!!!!!!!! if it not bloody broken den dnt fix it!!!!!!! stupid bastard >(
omg! the first baby of my generation in the clan has been born!! congrats to  & !!!!! <3!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
omgomgomg... results release day.... xd
on her way to nola!
on modern family
on my way to berkeley!!!! cheese board here i come)
on my way to berkeley... im broke need to find an emt job asap. sent me . thanks
on the sixth day, god created man. on the seventh day, man returned the favor.
once again, watching glee instead of doing my homework
once more unto the breach...
once there was a way to get back home.
onders when living switched to just surviving. my life is covered in soot and stale sprinkler water. work then gone to move some more stuff to our temp placelass presentation tonight :os can you get 'stress leave' from life?
one more robot learns to be something more than a machine.
one to pack up and move everything out of our 3-bedroom apartment and into our temp 2-bedroom apartment os
online traffic school is exciting.
only 2 more days!!!!!!
only 9 more pounds... why won't they go away?
only five more days until i get see angie!!!!!!
only has 6.78 in her bank account. should i sell my skull?
only one more exam and den im free!!!!!!!!...until november...
only robinson crusoe had everything done by friday.  ~author unknown
ooh the mysterious 10 at 10 approaches.
out and about)
out for the day with my man
out of the mountains and into the bay
overcast skies + homework + sore throat + boyfriend gone home = sad meagan. i'm coming to raleigh next weekend though!
owe resume hand up resume! haha...
oww...broke my pinky toe, again...
pack up the boxes, move the boxes, unpack the boxes, live out of boxes, box the boxes. box box wrt%rty%ryhtg!@
packing for the move back to berkeley. so pumped for some cheeseboard.
packing, packing, packing....burnt out. moving back to glengary tomorrow, working friday then headed to cape breton friday at 1:00pm with .....fwwwwkkkkkkk this entire year! i am so over moving three times in four months...fml....back to packing!
partay. for few hours.
party at my place.  call the cell to join...
partyin hb side with tools and my friends.
partying at my place tonight...call me if you wanna join!!
passed a family of ducks, two squirrels, a chipmunk, a raccoon, and a bassoonist on his way to the laundry room.
passed the national emt exam; off to find a job!!! yaaaaay for money.
patch//paint//spackle attack
peed is not part of the true way of strategy. speed implies that things seem fast or slow, according to whether or not they are in rhythm. whatever the way, the master of strategy does not appear fast?of course, slowness is bad. really skillful people never get out of time, and are always deliberate, and never appear busy.?
performing stand up comedy thursday night and friday night. that's two chances to see me and be a real friend. or else it's real pain for my sham friends.
phish at shoreline tonight
phone = dead; chat with me here
physics is gay!!!!!
pipe dream for the day being a wagnerian soprano.  i can shriek but not in tune.  p
placed her first order (chumby guts) to a shipping zip of 10014. going to celebrate with bibimbop and some korean beer.
plan to give away money!!!!
please spread the word that the det fusionx photoshoot timings are out. check school email!
please spread the word that the det fusionx photoshoot timings are out. check school email! those gp people who still owe me their resumes... tomorrow is the deadline.
please stop smoking cigarettes in my house...or i might kill you..
please... one more beer... then grow up.
portland was fun but its good to see the sun
ppl please stop sendin messages - ur ovloadin facebook p ahhh its gay
practice question for my emt exam its early afternoon and the alarm sounds you are called to a scene at a railroad one of the workers is trapped between 2 cars. he is alert and tells you that as soon as the cars are moved he will die. he asks that you leave him alone with his wife and to do nothing heroic. which emotional response to death is your patient exhibiting? ...uhhhhh how intense is that?!
practicing patient assessment on my mom's daycare kids is more difficult than i thought. haha
preparing for another day of boiling
prioritizes the human over the applied, with mixed results.
pro i think i'm going to really like ethics. con i may have to rob a bank to pay for my books.
profane messages make my day hahahahahahower, pj, late news, then bedondering if you can actually classify the est sex of your life?
proof that soul-shattering, awe-inspiring things can evolve? music.
pulling sequential allnighters + having 2am mcdonalds + no time for skin care make-ups + can't stop coughing = a sad fat female zombie-like human being named soo.
purchased my first sari and is wearing it to the new year's party tonight.
purging the non-believers from the itunes library
q will  be going to miami to watch the saints win the superbowl?  a no, no she will not, she will be parked in her room studying for the bar exam...who's idea was it to move the test up two weeks?  hmmm....hmmmm... fml (
qatapponescons!!!!!!!!
r.i.p sergent ...my thoughts and sympathy to your friends and family. you always made me laugh even when i wanted to cry...ns has lost a great soldier
rain is ruining my plans...
rainy days = warm food. its worth it.
ran back for her laptop when the firebell went off in etcheverry. for shame!
rather enjoying her last day as a 24 year old
ravenous black holes, ripples in the space-time continuum, intersex bass taking over us rivers, expectations influencing the wine-tasting experience, the possibility of quantum memory devices... just some of my science daily. truth blows fiction out of the water!
razzle dazzle cafe zazzle!
read about  on my site page. he's a real happening dude. http////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-gainesville-film-industry-examiner~y2009m10d16-richard-kidd-man-of-1000-effects
read about a horror movie you'll otherwise overlook on my site page. http////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-gainesville-film-industry-examiner~y2009m10d6-trick-r-treat
read about my latest theater ventures. thanks for getting me a holiday bonus, btw. http////www.examiner.com//x-24676-gainesville-film-industry-examiner~y2009m12d23-holidays-at-the-movies
read about what's playing at the  union, dammit! http////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-gainesville-film-industry-examiner~y2009m10d19-adam
read about where you can see some vampires.http////www.examiner.com//x-24676-gainesville-film-industry-examiner~y2009m10d26-all-vampires-all-week
read as i get angry in my latest article. http////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-gainesville-film-industry-examiner~y2009m10d11-stop-this-man
read my review of precious. http////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-gainesville-film-industry-examiner~y2009m11d22-precious
read this and get excited for films. http////www.examiner.com//x-24676-gainesville-film-industry-examiner~y2009m10d13-revolution
ready for nappy noo time
realizes that maybe she will not move to hawaiihis heat and humidity is killing me slowly. cleaned her apartment yesterday in the heat and swears she sweat off 10lbs!
really hopin this campin thing isnt goin to be as bad as im imaginin - no msn, n minimal hygiene hides bye ppl see u in 3 days!
really wants to learn some form of self-defence (or better yet offence op). checking the  website for classes...
red wings blow
rediscovered how fun it is to play in 36 inches of snow )
relaxing after my delicious, noodly, post-exam lunch.
relocated for the last time...still studying but at home.  what a long confusing day(
relocated to espresso royale...ugh so much to get done(
ren fest with rain - still good!!!
riding my bike in the fall makes me happy.
rip little moon rabbit.
road trip with my boy, followed by a play date with a crazy half-japanese girl & two ferrets.
roar
rob zombie just disappointed me...never thought that would happen.
run , run! (the loggers are coming)
s cheesecake shake makes me happy -)
s entire day.. maybe even entire life.. is dependent on who wins this dominance interaction between  & . go !!! if  throws this one, i will surely be in a sour mood for the rest of the week.
s katamari is mostly tools, gears, clamps.
s right hand is really, really cold.
sacrificial furniture pit out side of my house. if anyone wants a dresser, couch, or portable ac unit. stop by the palace in petaluma
said she was allergic to pepper! lol.
saturday was easily one of the best days of my entire life!!!
saw a homeless guy on the side of the road holding up a sign that said why lie, need beer. picture to be uploaded soon!
saw avatar in 3d, it was awesome! go see it everyone )
saw district 9. so real. so good. so stressful.
saw hp6... funny, lots of awesome awkward silences, but the scriptwriter needs to have his fingers broken. not only did they achieve new and improved levels of editing important plot elements out, but they are getting increasingly more creative with the n
saw old dogs...the things i do for my parents.
saw several dead rainbows today (
saw so much magic last night.
says happy fathers day! in honor of my heavenly father, who's never forsaken me or let me down. may you ever be praised, dad )
says sorry orlando but  failed the heat. he was always going to fail you.
scared of pc iii and the bar...
scored a rad position at hoag hospital as a clinical care extender. on my way to a masters in pa science! holler.
scratch , replace with . divine.
screw you axle
season 3 of dexter is keeping it pretty real
seeks goldfish companion.
seems to be attracting incompetence today...
served.
setting the lazy dial to 11
setting the lazyometer to 11
shakespeare in the park not a bad way to spend a sunday
shared bodily fluids with 3 people in lab today & didn't get infected ;)
should be doing work, but isn't (obviously). yay dance class tonight! shimmy shimmy shimmy....
should get in to ithaca sometime before morning, and spend the rest of the weekend with amazing people and eccentric 3d models.
shutter island got pushed back to february. i'm sort of thankful because that's 8 less i have to spend this semester.
sick and tired. literally.
sledding with the kids, death trap of a wooden sled and snowball fights...gotta love michigan!
sleep good. me like sleep.
sleep time... for tomorrow is work time... =)
sleepy mcsleeperson
slept 7 hours last night from 3am plus while listening to worship songs... =)
smile )
snow!!! http////www.flickr.com//photos//zmeagz//sets//72157623367337792//
so happy to live in a country where you pay for your education. grand idea!
so horrible... reformatting dell pc at home... stupid driver cd... finally can work... but... one by one install??? zzz...
so it goes.
so much to say. so much to do. so much to be. so little time. 24 hours is already to small an amount of time. its hard to be without you.
so my phone decide that it isn't accepting phone calls at the moment..for now all i have is texts, ugh i hate technology
so pumped to be moving back to berk!!1 oo, ooooooo!!!
so season 4 of dexter started out crrrraaazy!
so sick kill me now
sol food for lunch!
some movies plan piss me off. http////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-gainesville-film-industry-examiner~y2010m1d13-anger-in-celluloid
some painters work with oils, some with acrylics.   & i work with dumps.
some people walk in the rain, others just get wet.
someday my skill set will be wanted.
someone get me a ticket to chicago please and i'll love you forever and ever and ever.
someone motivate me to study plz...
sometimes i think the surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that none of it has tried to contact us. --
sooooo spent! sleep.
sore from moving last night...wind-burnt on my face and hands (i am so sexy bahahaha). finally back in our apartment!...and leaving the mess to go home for the holidays :o) working 9:30am-12:30pm running home to get  then running to the shuttle and heading to inverness @1:15pm :o) if we miss the shuttle you will see us sleeping on spring garden :op...hummm cab to the shuttle it is!!!
sorry, people magazine... your sexy guys can't hold a candle to the men of the 40s, 50s and 60s... , , , , , , , , ...
soy feliz d
spending my saturday the best way...at the library with alex!
spent monday night in a plie of leaves, 150 feet above lake superior.
spent the evening in an awesome blanket fort, has a thanksgiving potluck tonight, birthday dinner tomorrow, and crazy canadian adventure over the weekend d
spies and other mysterious persons could track me down almost anywhere today, but they only have ~1 hour.
spilled the beans about the squid corpse in her freezer during the robotics team meeting today.
starbuck's caramel apple spice = <3
start insanity tomorrow. eek.
start my emergency department training tomorrow!! oo, ooo!
start my new life on monday.
starting to prepare for summer camp.
still attempting to finish this 10 page paper...
still dont get the point of the gre.... who made up these fn words?
still feel like shite
still feeling it
still has a moustahce.
still hungover!! but well worth it.
still working on getting paid to say dumb things.
stop regarding men. what account is he? --isaiah 222.. we are nothing more than a nose-full of breath. oh man, how frail are you? why do you expect regard? why do i?
strawberries make everything better )
stretched
studying for the bar, less then 1 month!
studying for the bar, please pray for me
studying is cramping my style...
studying until my eyeballs fall out.  have to make up for the two weeks i missed...
studying... is for babies
stunned!!!!!!!
stupid pc... seriously asking to get chucked out the window.  but in the spirit of the season, it shall be spared.
stuyding for the mpre!
sudo reboot
sunshine!!!
sure had fun last night d
surf was amazing this morning. sooooooooo ready for life now.
surf, then continue trying to slay the gre.
surfing sloat in the am. yay!
survived her first day....
survived the fair it was a good time
suspects that this nightly coffee + dexter combo isn't the best for her heart.
swearing in!
t minus 5 years and ill be done with my masters... ill be old too.
tahoe, here we come!
takes home more from her monthly salary then she realized!
taking the friday train to weekend town
taking the rest of the day off.
thank you, all, for you birthday wishes, and may the holiday bring you peace.
thank you, lord, for today ) the day that three  years ago you let me start to make mine the most amazing woman ever! ) i love you  )
thanking everyone for all the birthday love. now, how 'bout them saints!? i am in need of a place//people to watch with tonight... any takers?
thanks for all of the birthday wishes everyone!!!  i had a great day!!!
thanks to everyone who came out to last night's gator nights show. it was a blast.
thanksgiving in 2 days but i'm more excited about christmas already! >< ? ............. damn it....
thanksgiving!
thanku sooooo much everyone for my birthday comments - im very happy ) xxxx
thanx for all the birthday wishes, been working all day. but all good xx
that took 4ever!
the dentist man cometh at 1200
the dreams are more fun.
the end of the summer business season is here...slow days of work ahead...facebook quiz time hahahaha. well some of them are fun.
the endorphin rush of going to the gym after three weeks of being fat and lazy is a nice change of pace
the first day of institute...
the gre has been passed. tonight, we eat chicken wings and watch half naked men punch each other.
the harry potter movies jsut continue 2 disappoint me nd yet i neva learn p
the headache gremlin is back
the hour doth approach
the king of pop could be dead (
the king of pop is dead. (
the law graduates prayer god...if it's not too much to ask... may i pass the bar?
the leonid meteor shower, with up to 5000 meteors a night this year, is peaking monday night from roughly 11 pm until 4 am on tuesday  -d
the most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious.  it is the fundamental emotion which stands at the cradle of true art and true science.  whomever does not know it and can no longer wonder, no longer marvel, is as good as dead, and his eyes are dimmed. -einstein
the new dexter was bulllshit!!! cant kill rita!!! im seriously sad.
the new muse album is awesome
the new muse is intense! ducks game 2nite. yay putos.
the only good thing about the 11 hour bus ride from chennai to madurai...we didn't die...despite the multiple attempts by the bus driver. surprisenly we didn't hit any dogs, pedestrians, bicycles, motos, cars or trucks...very surprising.
the only people who are more entertaining then rappers are wannabe rappers. (see )
the robbed that smiles, steals something from the thief.  ~william shakespeare, othello
the spice exists in all of us
the spice exists in all of us
the spiders are revolting!!!!!!!!
the tax man cometh
the teeth are now in open revolt. i must make an appeal to the dentist  tomorrow to quell political unrest
the teeth are rebelling
the tooth uprising has been quelled thanks to the loyalist forces of the dentist. my mouth remains a politically intact less painful region
the universe is a symphony and the laws of physics are harmonies of a superstring. how beautiful.
the whole purpose of religion is to facilitate love and compassion, patience, tolerance, humility, forgiveness. --h.h. the dalai lama
there any problem with ffs feeds? lol! looks like alot of information not displayed there...
there is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. my brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness. dalai lama
there is no rest for the whiny.
there's nothing less cool than being exhausted from hours of not doing a damn thing at all.
there's nothing to do but eat ritz crackers and neglect school work.
things to remember while watching a scary movie.. 1. the phone line always gets cut or cell phones get lost// broken or they never have service 2. the power always gets turned off 3. one of the girls gets hurt and miraculously breaks an ankle// leg 4. there
thinks her temper is her worst qualityla!  come home i miss you!
thinks if she was less moral she would have a lot more money hahahaha!
thinks imperfections are lovely.
thinks its a kind of non-funny cosmic joke that if he really ever does defeat pride...he will find himself proud of his humility. p good call
thinks she must say her name strangle when answering the phone at work, as most ppl hear (, , , , , and )...i am not sure how they get that from  speaking lol but it is funny to be called  and ??? crazy day lol
thinks that a slow day at work seems to last sooo much longer than a busy one! tick, tock...come on 6pm!!!
thinks that if she did not work mondays she would really like her job hahahaha...lunch then soooo much to do to get up to date after the weekend!
thinks that it is impossible to be too heavenly minded. watch. those who are too heavenly minded will do the greatest good here.
thinks the orlando magic should change their name to the orlando joke.
thinks there is a conspiracy among the soup companies to trick you into thinking that the personal size containers are simply a single serving size when they actually contain two servings
this coq au vin recipe calls for 2 full bottles of wine to go into the sauce. gotta love the french! )
this hair-brainedness needs to cease... now.  p
this is a deliberate insult against me and my people. .  who the fuck are his people?     i don't know... little scientists, i guess.
this new diet has opened a whole new world of cuisine. tonight's dish prisoner-of-war stew with beans, rice, and more beans.
this unconformity is conformity.
this will probably take a good long while to get used to ) i think i'm still in shock. haha. i have a fiance. wow. and not just any fiance; i am pursuing the pearl of great value d
thor the thunder god is knocking at my door
those kangaroos can kill you!
those who still owe me resume... hand them in! gonna be up most of the night tonight... phs @.@
though the air is cold outside, i pray you warm our hearts with your love.
tiger army and bleedning through! friggna
time to explore some fancy restaurants in the city. yumyum + my mom's .
time to step out of the internet and get some sun
tired and feeling sick, gone to bed! sore throat, feet, legs and i get to do it again tomorrow.
tis a lovely night for a stroll
to all my friends out there, i better not have to visit any of you at a jail house. looking at a good friend through some glass is depressing.
to do or not to do...............
to her brother why do you have a skull?  yeah, i have a skull.  it's from upstairs.
to sleep perchance to dream ay, there's the rub;
to the air mattress, my noisy nighttime lover.
to think we are who we are largely because of the deactivation of myosin heavy chain 16 (myh16)... fascinating.
to understand how ridiculously excited i am to see my fiance, you must first win the lottery, do somersaults, run a hundred miles effortlessly, wake up to birds chirping, eat a super-yummy meal, and be addicted to oxygen...then you might get close to scratching the surface. maybe
today was a failure. impression was bad. exit quiz was bad. everyone, hand me over your vodka.
today was a highly venomous day... 4 timber rattlers & 3 copperheads.
today was gd fun - was kl seein ppl d
today you are you, that is truer than true. there is no one alive who is youer than you.
tomorrow mocap class 4-6pm @ computer lab! pass the message to all people taking mocap tmr! from ms eda. desoc e-learning tomorrow due to open house! check emails!
top of the mornin to ya.
torture= watching  and  stock the pantry 15 minutes after i decide to get serious about this diet...
total cost for books 310 via school website. i paid 44 for all of them on amazon. how rad is that?!
totally no mood to do anything... stupid smoker that used my admin number... spoil my day only... =(
tragedy!!!!!!!!!!! haha shame laura ive claimed in frnt of evry1!!!!
truly believes in murphy lawelt like giving up today, like quitting am going to keep going. not sure how far i will get but i am going to push until they throw me out of here lol.
truly knows so little. thank you, oh lord, that you are wise and you are mighty. thank you, lord, that your grace knows no limits or bounds. i pray you're will be done here on earth as it is in heaven and that we give you glory with our lives.
trying out chrome for the first time seems pretty quick on the uptake
trying to be productive at the lib with ...
two minutes into the show and i was already being 'man-handled'....<3
ugh...i hate landlords and i hate renting...
ugh...i need a job(
ugh...nothing productive has come out of this day...
ugh...thursday can not come fast enough
unc basketball>tfa fashion show. go heels!
undecided about seeing the fourth kind after reading a ton of horrible reviews on it...
up earlier than most everyone in el and trying to study...but chaz stole my damn red bull!!
up figurin out school-ool-ool. be back in nc this weekend.
up in tahoe and there is not a cloud in the sky. its a beautiful day to be alive
usc can lick my balls
used to be a happy personread maker shorted out and caught fire o( out of our apartment for 2-3weeks while they repair damagehhhhhhhhhh!?!?!?!?!
uuummmmmmmmmm all men should learn how to dance before they are allowed to have sex with women :o) i love men!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
uuurrrggggg...and then it all went to shit!
ver the counter back pills make me sleepy, not good when i have classes all day :os
very disappointed that the ny legislature voted against legalizing gay marriage.
viva las vegas)
waiting for november to get the cold weather memo
walked out of her house and onto a movie site this morning....cut!!!...she said sorry and hurried out of the way....wow the lights were so bright!
wants a mojito.
wants everyone to fill out the big five personality quiz i am sending out :o)
wants the webber mini fish!!! looks so good.
wants to be rich!!!!!!!!!!!!!! filthy. c'mon lotto...
wants to go home! 10 more minutes...why are work days so much longer than weekend day?
wants to go home!!!
wants to thank you in his latest article. http////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-gainesville-film-industry-examiner~y2009m10d20-im-so-proud-of-you
warning spring guns and droids
was a's, is now z's.
was assumed to be one of the other artist's assistants... but found a cozy little spot for the hygros on the killing floor.
was chased by veloceraptors for a good hour, at least.
was handed a random baby at the temple today for a photo opt...happy pongal.
was looking for a job and ended up with two...
was pardoned today for having romantic ties with a white woman in 1908. now... racism is dead.
was pretty awesome 2night guys ) - cheers n yay for cars p
was unexpectedly mesmerized by how beautiful pennsylvania is today.
watched the movie 'saved' this weekend and loved it!
wats better than a cookie?... a giant cookie loool mmm yum )
we all threw it back forcefully to the natives tonight...love you jaye!!!
we are at the very beginning of time for the human race. it is not unreasonable that we grapple with problems. but there are tens of thousands of years in the future. our responsibility is to do what we can, learn what we can, improve the solutions, and pass them on.
we are the music makers,and we are the dreamers of dreams,wandering by lone sea-breakers,and sitting by desolate streams orld-losers and world-forsakers,on whom the pale moon gleamsyet we are the movers and shakersof the world for ever, it seems.
we are the music-makers, and we are the dreamers of dreams
we are the sons of holy wrath,a shining light in the darkthe ones who walk amongst despair,no sign of fear in our hearts
we could go gently into the good night, or we could have a drink and toast the coming dawn
we must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey.  ~
we want a shrubbery!!!!
we wanted to say you shouldn't suffer this way. we love you, tuqqy.
we're goin down down in an earlier round...a loaded god complex is pointed right at us. lord, please be god here. please bless our hearts of love
we're talking christmas movies in my latest article. http////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-gainesville-film-industry-examiner~y2009m12d6-best-christmas-movies
we're the tattooed lady, and we're never going to have a minute's peace, the rest of our lives, until everybody else is tattooed, too.   - ,  and .   the world will miss you (
weddings and what not
weeekend )
well after being moved in for months i finally hung up some pictures.  go go lack of motivation!
well done!! everyones done soo well so far n talk about energy d - just 1 show left
well i am confident i got more spackle and paint on myself than the wall, but we both do look fabulous!
well survived the city and sfo in the pouring rain and managed to not get eaten by a sea monster all in all a good day
well you have a 1//d integral too, but you want to integrate across the entire prostate!
well, the fork-lift job is a no go.  apparently, he wasn't fast enough - considering he's never driven a fork-lift before - and they don't have time to train him...on to plan b, i suppose
well.. my old shaver turned that shower scene into an alfred hitchcock film...
went to a surprise  game yesterday (surprise for me, not for the players) and had a fantastic time.
what a freaking wonderful night...in both good and bad ways!
what a great day!!!
what an adventurous night...filled with the natives, crazy screaming men and a half-naked girl...what a great night!!!!!
what did i think of the movies 2009 had to offer? read about it here. http////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-gainesville-film-industry-examiner~y2010m1d6-2009-superlatives
what have they done to fb?????
what makes people happy? apparently we really suck at knowing what makes us happy. its a measurable, replicable scientific fact. i dunno why that strikes me funny. lol. lord, teach us to be joyful in you.
what should i write about for my next article? what do you guys want to read about?
what's up, cheese apple? your warm, cheesy, buttery, and tart deliciouness? that's what i'm talkin about ;)
whatever good i do comes not from me. goodness is of god, and through me he chooses to make his power known. thank you, lord.
whatever happened to ?
whats up with real estate reo agents lately?? they need to take the arrogance-stick out of their buttocks.
when everything is going wrong, it helps to get ridiculous phone calls from one's two whackjob best friends & be entertained by the cutest, smartest, naughtiest bunny in the world.
when i become secretary of state, ill recommend you to the president for something cushy, like chief of mission to the duchy of luxembourg. or, if you piss me off between now and then, you're getting somalia -mh
when life gives you fall apples, eat them.
when life gives you shit, grind it up, freeze-dry it, and extract the glucocorticoids.
when paul says i can do all things through christ who strengthens me...i think, i can do nothing without you, dear jesus, who strengthens me
when the student is ready, the teacher will appear. ... buddhist proverb
when we are no longer able to change a situation - we are challenged to change ourselves. viktor e. frankl
where are my keys(
where is the light that i seek?
where oh where are my headphones... i'm completely lost without them (
while we might get two, the west coast will get 6 to 9, and my jealousy of lake effect snows grows ever greater.
whiskey a go-go!
white
white with black polka dots and pink
who 'dat!
who 'dat!
whos in sf and is going out tonight?
why art thou cast down oh my soul? oh yeah, because my darling isn't here. lord, this is a high calling indeed.
why can't i be at top o right now? go saints)
why do ppl bitch all the time!!!!!!!
why does facebook think i live in atlanta?  something is wrong with the targeted ads.  it is comforting to know, however, that i could still become a police officer or save 83% on my insurance.
why does facebook think i speak dutch?
why has my status become a warzone.... @.@
why is mocap not in the mocap room?
why is my fb so wierd... can't ffs this way... the home page looks funny too...
why would anyone want to screw over the undertaker?
wilco or bust yeehaw!!1!!11
will be at artzone 461 in san francisco, jan 9 - feb 7. the seduction of duchamp 2 's revenge!
will be at monday night raw in orlando tonight. i'll be the one promoting straight 's man slammin' max-out.
will be at the library for the rest of life...
will be completely honest for the next 24 hours....you can ask me one question (only in my inbox)....any question no matter how crazy or wrong it is....but you can only ask me one question!!!! you will have my full honesty....but i dare you to put this as your status too and see what questions you get !!! ) x this should be interesting.
will be fighting with computers continuously for at least the next week.
will be tailgating at the iowa game...no rain please!
will be working for ocb two months from now! i cannot wait!
will gladly boast in his weaknesses. when i am weak, then he is strong. your might, oh lord is endless. please cover over me. please cover over your beloved..lest we  all fall in overwhelming shame under the weight of our imperfections.
will probably be getting drunk tonight and tomorrow night. be ready for my text messages.
will sleep like a champion tonight.
will work out at least 3 times a week !!!
wilt thou change this world... or wilt thou change thyself?...can't i do both?
wine, chocolate, & guitar = )
wireless card beats wireless adapter thank god for steady internetz
wish i wouldn't have procrastinated all weekend!!  my paper draft sucks...
wish this wind would piss off, am sure my house is shaking!!
wishes everyone a happy new year!
wishes everyone a safe and happy thanksgiving.  i get to make the stuffing and turkey,  gets the other stuff.
wishes she never hear of a sciatic nerve tupid back! doctors appointment then work.
wishes she was at raleigh undercover, so if you are in nc and not there, get out and show some charity love while hanging out with awesome people who like good music. i will be very jealous.
wishes she worked the front desk at  so she could enjoy looking at the olympic athletes?sigh
wishes someone would invent a cure for migraineshird day with a headache so much work to do this weekend!!! coffee, tylenol and studying.
wishes teachers only day would last da rest of da week... mayb evn da rest of da year
wishes the boy scouts of america a very happy 100th birthday today!
wishes the weekend was longer. yayyyyy nc! yay smancy!
wishing all of her friend the best of luck on the louisian bar exam!
wishing the lovely  a happy birthday!
wistfully working
wonders at the absolute absurdity of man's hatred...christ summed up all the goodness we are capable of in two commands...none of us even follows just one of them.
wonders if someone is missing the posts from ffs on my wall... xd
wonders if the electric eel would make a good spirit animal.
wonders why the president is wearing a white sox coat?
wonders why the tigerbooks link is broken half the time! i am trying to sell some books damn you! (i <3  coffee)
wooo - i am so very happy d
work and then study, study, study!!!
work today 830-430. open house at ! stood outside in the freezing rain and now my mitts and scarf are soaked os hahahahaha come on weekend!
work, then to the lib with alex all night
work, work, work and then home to clean
work, work, work until 6. day-off tomorrow to have pulmonary function tests...they are going to try and prove that i have asthma by trying to induce an asthma attack...fun times op i will wear my running shoes lol!
working
working then to the gym
working until 1:00pm...really needs a break
working until 1pm then home to take a long shower and wash off my sour mood! meeting  dad today!!!!!! o)
working until 6pm...home to re-pot orchids then off to 's for the night!
worst night ever! then i get this message? hey so i just moved up here and ill be honest, living with someone but not getting needs met sexually and hoping to find someone in same position or at least who understands and can be discrete, if you may be interested let me know ,if not i am very sorry to have bothered you i could be a god damn serial killer who gets off setting people on fire urg i fucking hate people!
would be nice to get some good surf without having to drive allllll the way south; i mean it is my bday.
would like to go home for a weekend here and there...i work mon-fri 10-6pm...if you are headed toward the cape let me know o) fall term classes tue//wed//thu...no school mon//fri
would like to thank everyone for the birthday wishes and death threats it means alot
would you believe i forgot to enter the football lottery?
wow glow sticks r soo funky!!!!!
wow it's been like a whole year already soo freaky well n e ways happy new years eve!!!!
wow y do i always seem to have massive convos over the most simplest of things lol
wow, even in 1963,  was ranting about the half-wit morons up in sacramento (just watch it's a mad mad mad mad world)
wow. all i can say is, i was channeling deb as i watched that traumatic season finale.
writes briefly on our expectations of films. http////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-gainesville-film-industry-examiner~y2010m1d20-danger-expectations
writing stabilizes me in this dimension )
wrote a quick article on . check it out. http////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-gainesville-film-industry-examiner~y2009m11d2-roger-beebe
wth i am shaking on the 16th floor!!! earthquake!!!
wth... i do not understand what i am doing with rendermonkey... what values are stored in each component of the semantics... and how the hell i am going to complete that practical.
yay for chocolate ice cream!!!!!!
yay for tomorrow p
yay friday!
yay halloween!
yay! just got assigned to the emergency department for my next rotation at hoag. super pumped.
yay!! im finally goin 2 c avatar d
yay!!!! i pased wid m =d
yay!!!! its almost christmas d
yay!!!!!!!!! sarah going 2 skool next year!!!!!!!!!!! spontaneous excitement!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! d
yay...100 friends!
yay...i finally get to see 's lovely face and spend the holiday with the !!  wish you were with us !!!
yayness - i am happy ) )
yeah  is home! work until 6pm.
yeah steelers!
yes!!!  its almost been two long years...finally reunited and it feels so good!!
yes...got the house to myself!!!!
you all are going to party at my funeral because mourning is for suckers.
you could die and nobody would care.
you could die and we'd all really care.
you down for some party bus action this friday to dive bars around the beach? let me know asap.
you have your fear, which might become reality, and you have godzilla, which _is_ reality. -
you're going to want to read my latest article because this one is about death factory. http////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-gainesville-film-industry-examiner~y2009m12d29-nothing-to-do-but-visit-the-factory
you're like a disheveled doll. you know when you give a doll a hairdo, then it's never quite the same after? that's what your hair looks like. -lh
your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. don't let the noise of other's opinions drown out your own inner voice. and most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. they somehow already know what you truly want to become. everything else is secondary.?steve jobs
zoo trip!
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz